ball-ball
boom Brian Moses you are one of the
saviors of comedy I want you to know
this honestly truly really because a
roast battle roast battle is like one of
the last real like sanctuaries for
horrible comedy like nasty people fucked
up but hilarious comedy and the way you
do it will you make everybody hug it out
at the end and you you know and you like
set the ground rules no violence this is
just joke writing this is all this is
just boards don't hurt us when I first
came back to the comedy store was like
how many years ago it was now it's like
five years ago or something yeah the
Exile was over and when I saw Rose
bottle it was one of the things that
made me go wow this place is different
now
this place is change it's like it's
evolved we brought like um like some
like what a fight culture back to it you
know what I mean yeah you know like
where if you have a problem you know
we're in a place where all we uses words
anyway so do get out that way yeah well
not just that there's people that don't
have problems with each other and they
this is like devastated friendships
yeah they ruin friendships yeah I mean
but nobody's ever attacked each other so
that's amazing yeah because I've been
there couple times I stopped going it
makes me feel bad does it it's
consensual everybody every symbol I have
fucking I'm the commentator for the UFC
yeah Andros battle makes me feel bad
that's the combat sport you don't like
just stop and think about how crazy that
is
that's nuts why how was that possible
sometimes it's so mean sometimes people
say shit that's so mean you like I saw I
saw there's a joke recently by a Jimmy
Carr and Megan gayly and Jimmy was
judging her and she was battling a
puppet that's how crazy the show is so
this girl's got like a half hour on
Comedy Central she's she's brilliant and
Jimmy said some snide to her and her
response was I wouldn't fuck you if you
raped me I was like that's I can't
believe I've ever heard that before in
his response to that was oh you can say
funny things oh wow it was gorgeous I
wouldn't fuck you if you raped me let's
break that down yeah I would have to be
like this while actually hmm
I'm going along with that balls previs
yeah let go along with that one why not
I don't know yeah I mean you're not
fucking some of the rape you know no gay
it's not consensual right
you're not giving this back because it
makes sense all right get it yes yeah I
get what she's saying it was just so
hard those like damn I wouldn't fuck you
if you raped me god it's just that's
hard and a lady said that to a man and
oh it took him a couple seconds to be
like I'm gonna let this happen there was
some senator somewhere and they were
talking about rape and he actually said
that a woman can't and unless she
submits he a man can't actually rape her
wait what unless yeah yeah unless she
gives into it I like she taps out like
yeah I'm giving it to you there was
something along those lines like it was
almost like saying that she kind of
wants it why I remember that yeah
there's it was one of the most pervasive
misspoke of course oh dude they made
Mario Lopez apologize for worth at the
babies shouldn't be trans my my comments
were ignorant and insensitive because I
want to keep my job at E all right exact
is you should added that you should went
dot dot dot because I want to keep my
because I want to keep my job that's
really all it is three-year-old trans
babies what the fuck some Blaire white
who's actually a trans woman had a
hilarious quote she goes three-year-old
trans kids are like vegan cats we know
who's making the lifestyle choices oh
message home and she's trans right which
is doesn't say it she's free free like a
bird I mean what age ain't three should
be in your 20s or somebody should be
even you're like enough Duncan adults a
full-grown adult right three-year-olds
what's man camera cut off what the
fucking government they don't want us
talking about trans babies is it dead
dead camera tie the cord died
oh hi everybody um yeah I mean we live
in the weirdest time in terms of like
progressive ideology right dogma genders
a construct races a constructor and
bring it all down but race is not a
construct because no one's been
successfully translational oh that's
true
never never been pulled off even
remotely not even ninety merconis until
yeah but you can go black to white like
Dave Chappelle used to do it all the
time memories do that all right yeah
yeah you could you could do black to
white nobody cares you used to be able
to white to Asian you can't even do that
you can't the transformational you could
probably go Asian to white people really
hold on to this race thing why is that
why do we hold on to I don't know I
don't know I don't know that makes I
don't look at you as like I mean I don't
know what you are you're just a tank you
know I'm mostly Italian Irish 1% Asian
1.6 percent African sitting I don't even
have that I'm just like a nigger from
America like I'm just American black
well it's if you can't if you care that
much like varieties interesting I like
that people look cool like we were
talking about Blake Griffin mm-hmm like
it's interesting that there's a guy like
him out there yeah big ol giant dude six
foot ten
albino looking probably got all kinds of
shit inside of hands of shit but I mean
like when you meet a guy like that
you're like wow that's a different type
of person look how big he is yeah yeah
like Shaq like comes around UFC fighters
there's a photo of Shaq and he was
training at American Top Team with my
friend Dean Thomas and Dean is like I
guess teens like five-nine five-ten and
he's standing next to Shaq and Shaq is
standing next to Junior dos Santos used
to be the heavyweight champ it's like
his child
looks like Shaq's child cuz he's so
small and Shaq still like what seven
foot like he has a trunk at all
he's fucking he's a legitimate gigantic
human being
I mean he's fucking huge I like the fact
that there's people that are that are
different it's cool it's interesting you
know the real problem is racism the real
problem is not not that there's variety
the variety parts interesting it's also
like me this new racism you know like
there's so much of the the canceled
culture and then you know you can
say what you can't say and it's it's
like that's not scary racism like it
used to be right I think people are more
scared about the the silent racism then
like you know that over you know
aggressive racism you like the lynching
in the 50s and 40s and you know before
well we all know that that stuff
happened less than a hundred years ago
which is why it's scary when you see
photographs like those black-and-white
photographs of the families standing
around why there's a black guy hanging
from a tree mom yeah and then like that
that is not that long ago no so that
that shit is still in the air down there
yeah but now this new racism is like you
know you can't you can't talk about
trans kids you know well that's not
racism but yeah it's it's well that's
just what that is is a thorat arianism
they're just trying to enforce a certain
way of thinking behaving and they they
go hard on anybody who deviates poor old
Mario Lopez nicest guy that's ever lived
doesn't have a fucking controversial
bone in his body he's like well I don't
think kids should be trans I mean
they're little babies they're like what
you insensitive it's cuz they can go
after him for something like that and
he'll act we ask he'll give in that's
almost like backing into like that old
segregative uh like I guess like you
know Jim Crow thing I remember like well
another blanket oh my Emmett Till but
remember when Emmett Till gets killed
rice because of you know he's doing a
he's saying hey you look kind of pretty
or he's doing a cat call to a lady right
and then this woman goes and tells these
group of dudes it's like hey and they're
just like oh we got a cancel Emmett Till
you know what I mean so it's it's almost
it's almost the same thing I'm not
saying it's that you know aggressive and
violent but it's it's the same thing of
like you can't say anything you can't
have a brain I guess there's a there's I
want to say I get criminal thought now
you're having a thought right there's
thoughtcrime yeah yeah I mean that's the
or well shit right this is what people
are deeply concerned about its
authoritarian reinforcement of their own
particular way of thinking and behaving
and it's because people have the
opportunity to complain now like if if
you just didn't like the way someone
addressed women or someone you really
didn't have a way to broadcast it 20
years ago this like you just
but now anybody can just get on Twitter
or Facebook right and
it can go viral and a bunch of other
fucking pink haired weirdos will retweet
you and next thing you know there's a
goddamn mob after Mario Lopez right I
mean that's that's what happened it's
interesting though I mean it's it's
weird to watch it all take place
especially from our business because
comedy relies on taboos and in a lot of
ways like they're reinforcing us they're
helping us because people come to us for
relief yeah thank you
yeah thank you yeah keep the keep the PC
culture going honestly it's only making
us more money it's making us more
accessible really has never been more
PAC oh yeah they people coming in like
they're looking to hear those things oh
they're so happy when against the grain
when you go hard in the paint they go
crazy love it they love it yeah bring on
oj bring them back
oh geez fucking Twitter have you been
paid attention guys don't follow it Joe
I just think you can't follow oj on
twitter that's crazy I follow him do you
fuck yeah why because it's great Doug
Stanhope and I back in the day when we
were hosting the man show we had an idea
for having LJ Simpson at the end of
every show Oh Jay Simpson would be like
Andy Rooney and he would like break down
the problems in America is what I think
about things
hey Twitter world and so that's what
he's doing he's literally doing what
Doug and I wanted him to do on the man
show but he's doing it all on his own
like he was talking about the debates he
was is it just me or does tulsi and
Andrew yang are they the only ones that
are following the rules I'm just saying
following the reason give me some volume
well go to the beginning of second here
hate Twitter Ross my favorite part hate
- of the world is it my imagination that
Yang and gabart are the only two who
know how to follow the rules of this
debate
I'm just saying he's just saying voice
of reason but wait he can't even vote
he's a convicted felon oh right uh yeah
so yeah even involved you can't even
vote because he wants to know where
everything's going
I mean that talks about the NFL Draft he
talks it he's got a lot of sports talk
on his Twitter telling people they
should get paid more and you need to you
know draft this guy bring this guy in
and so he's a GM now are that you know
think there's like you could you could
have done some stuff like he could have
embezzled some money and went to jail
and got out or maybe didn't file taxes
like like if Wesley Snipes who went to
jail for tax evasion he started talking
about politics or you wouldn't carry
like that's right no but you killed two
people
Oh Jay and allegedly he got off for that
joke come on killed two people I'm
saying he killed them he killed two
people
how'd you think it's wrong what happen
to Ron Goldman nobody even talks about
him no nobody gives a fuck yeah they
talk about the wife yeah all the time
they never talk about the other guy he
was like 25 and to fucking wait or man
yeah hanging someone sunglasses back
whose side dick he was bringing the deck
right right place wrong time was he
bringing the deck was up has that been
proven they were sleeping together right
that's what it was is that true that's
the bemy
that's also rumor allegedly we don't
even know we can't even ask him yeah I
have no idea I'm trying to find a
killers right old little world deserves
like a holiday he does he really does
here Ron Goldman day today I'm Brian
Moses Joe Rogan's episode I knew his
sister back in the day really yeah yeah
she's to come around the set of news
radio I knew her from back then she was
very nice Jim's devastating though it
was like knowing someone whose brother
was murdered and you know you're hanging
out with her it's like it's always in
the air you know it's always in the air
yeah that's like she had like a pin with
her brother's face on it I should bring
you some like black barbecues it's a lot
of sisters there's a lot of you know
brothers but the difference is it's
ultra ultra public rise pre-internet
right yeah that was the biggest thing
today oh my god
it was I was watch
the the verdict with my girlfriend at
the time we're sitting in front of the
TV and I'll never forget when they said
not guilty my girlfriend put her hand in
her face away oh no no no that's crazy
to believe it she couldn't believe it no
summer being like I was like it was
either elementary schoolers middle
school I remember the verdict happening
and it was like a split verdict my
teacher who was white she was like
devastated and like all the black kids
it was like me and the other kid we we
were so happy were just like yes we
didn't know any better you know I mean
we're just like we're just happy cuz a
black guy got up because of what
happened Rodney King were just like this
is redemption that's how many people
felt about it they felt like the Rodney
King thing was so fucked up that I mean
the problem the Rodney King thing is you
only see the end I mean he led them on a
crazy high-speed chase and there was
fights and they ride he was a big fellow
and he was on PCP yeah so swinging for
the fences and so they had to beat him
down apparently according to the cops
but then you know a piece of you like
makes your bones stronger doesn't it no
it makes you really like impervious to
pain though okay I had a friend who got
his finger bitten off when he was on PCP
I never didn't feel it until he woke up
I don't think he remembers cuz he was so
fucked up but he was a boxer and he had
his of his toe removed his not his but
not his pinkie toe or not his fat toe
the big toe but the one next to it and
put it where his index finger was on his
right he moved his toe to his finger
they moved a total finger and curved it
permanently so he could throw right
hooks
oh isn't that performance enhancing no
no not at all I would shake your hand he
would give you like the little the the
little finger oh oh because they don't
make it so it can bend again it was just
bent like this forever so if he was
punching you know that was the only way
so when he opened it it would stay
curled yeah yeah he's a hard man and he
was doing PCP doing PCP at the time
these were hanging out I use my boxing
coach though he was a madman yeah legit
bad man that wouldn't that be
performance-enhancing taking PCP like
while being in a fight because you
should beat out of you
yeah yeah yeah for sure but you'd be too
aggressive you would quite like if a guy
was a time to make you a better fighter
I mean you wouldn't want your opponent
to be on PCP because they would have no
fear they would just come charging at
you and they might be able to just fuck
you up just because that if you panicked
but if you were a seasoned fighter and a
guy at peace he was on PCP he would just
come charging recklessly you just crack
him as he's coming in and keep moving
and he's LAPD eventually his body would
wear out your body could only take so
much yeah until becomes mush there's a
lot of people that believe in themselves
and they get flatlined yeah a hundred
percent believe myself you gotta fucking
believe in it bro if you believe you
could achieve
mmm not really you know if you believe
in yourself at Frances and Gahan who
punches you in the face you're going
into the spirit world yeah or like eight
cops beat you down like for like eight
minutes yeah yeah with club what clubs
it like metal club yeah there was that
pre tasers too did not have tasers back
then so that was after the the choke uh
because you couldn't show guys out
anymore so that's why they said they
beat him down because they couldn't
choke him out really yeah they couldn't
choke him right they put a ban on
chokehold yeah why did they do that
because they were killing guys oh they
were saying guys were on PCP when they
weren't on PCP and they were like
literally killing dudes were they
killing them with their arms were they
using a nightclub
I'd stick one got killed with a stick I
think yeah that was in the second case
was a guy who uh like naked choke you
know them I know I did kill the guy with
a choke in the ring No
killed him in a gym he was banging this
guy's wife oh he really went for yeah it
was crazy he was banging the guy's wife
and he invited two got into school and
then choked him to death and killed him
and then was driving the guys car around
town that's cold-blooded and they
arrested him yeah he was a interesting
character he was a fake Brazilian
jiu-jitsu blackbelt my friend Eddie
Bravo called him out wait a minute fake
yeah it was fake he's a fake black belt
let's go tell everybody was a black belt
and Eddie rolled with them I remember
him coming back to me and he's like that
guy's not a black belt I got what you
sure and he goes dude he don't know
anything like it was too crazy it was
like he barely is like a white belt you
can get killed doing shit like that I
thought maybe he was doing it because he
was maybe who's just being nice and
wasn't going hard and he goes but then
as time goes I was really this kind of
snow what the fuck he's doing and so
they didn't calls him up and he was like
hey are you
are you a fucking black belt like tell
me about the I said well you know I'm a
black belt in Japanese jiu-jitsu stop
stop stop stop
are you a fucking black belt and it's
like this big pause he's like bro you're
a fucking liar
you're a liar so Eddie separated himself
from the guy and then years later dude
wound up murdering somebody
what yeah yeah would you Jitsu yeah I
murdered the guy would you Jitsu no son
the guy well you know I could teach you
how to put a choke it in five seconds
it wouldn't take long at all yeah I
could teach you how to do it just wrap
your form underneath someone's neck
clamp your hand to your bicep put this
arm behind the head squeeze you could
kill somebody it's not a hard thing to
learn but to actually apply it to
someone who knows what they're doing
mm-hmm you'd have to get you have to be
really good but you can't just no one's
gonna let you choke them but this guy
didn't know anything so I think he snuck
up behind this guy who he killed and
just choked him choking to death it's
not like there's a murder I think he
brought the guy to his school under
false premises he's in jail now sure
yeah
shut up to that guy yeah it was weird
because I got uh I got semi involved in
it in that the guy who wound up ratting
him out to the cops was one of Eddie
students and I was talking to the guy on
the phone about it I was like what's
going on with that guy and then the cops
called me afterwards and said hey we
were tapping that guy's phone we want to
know what you know whoa whoa I'm on the
fucking set a fear factor I'm in my my
trailer
Jesus yeah gettin puttin my microphone
on mic huh you were a murder case son
I'm like hey listen I don't know that
guy I go this way I know he's a fake
black belt I told him the whole deal and
I had heard that he killed some money
but I wasn't sure if it was true because
the guy's so full of shit this is how
full of shit this guy was this guy had a
friend drop him off in the woods because
he said he was going to Akuma take
karate contests like a big karate
competition but it was it was no rules
and it was secretive so he dropped him
off in the woods where was this guy from
I don't know I don't know
but he lived in California for a while
okay dropped it dropped him off in the
woods with a duffel bag yeah he gave him
a duffel bag like you had a duffel bag
with
rather mm-hmm it's like a duffel bag
that's just big enough to fit a trophy
in it yeah right
think about this Bing so he leaves goes
out into the woods the guy comes back
the next day he's got a trophy no duffel
bag so he brought a fucking trophy with
him and then he came out of the woods
like a I want fucked everybody up and
like so this guy would he thought this
guy would tell everybody yeah that he
beat everybody in this karate tournament
this guy's a hell of an actor he's
really I mean he really commits he was
he was one of those guys that's not
feeling like crazy radar because he's a
friend of a friend so I was assumed you
know I was fucking 30 years old I don't
know any better it was dumb and I was
like I assumed 3030
yeah aren't you fully cooked by them now
you think you are you think you are you
haven't meant enough murderers yet shit
you have to meet enough really
legitimate crazy people to have them in
the database we like oh oh you're
fucking you're a sociopath oh well
what's worth it worse a psycho or
sociopath mmm sociopath to someone who
doesn't care about someone a psychopath
I think is someone who violently attacks
people but in many ways they're
interchangeable
like let's Google that what is it never
seen a sociopath in a psychopath because
I think a sociopath can have no violent
tendencies but I think the idea is that
they have no compassion for other people
right like I have a friend and she
thinks her sister's a sociopath
everybody thinks that every is a fucking
sociopath these days that's like a hot
right that's the hot word these days
like calling somebody erases right wants
someone to not see exactly yeah mmm the
quick thing I pulled up well put it up
yeah you explain exactly what it said
but there's just like a Venn diagram
it's so it's a better explanation by the
way every woman who's you know who's
gonna hear this good he is a sociopath
so there's something in the middle
there's like you could be both so
genetically predisposed Psychopaths
genetically predisposed like my parents
with a psychopath what's happening with
the screen there buddy should connect
again Oh even better
okay lacks empathy like a psychopath
medically predisposed lacks empathy and
guilt convincing behavior look how they
spell behavior that's I was in ieaving
Kenai tonight but look how that spelled
behavior oh yeah with the IO IO you are
higher job success why it's okay
antisocial personality disorders can
form social relationships and treatable
that's the one in the middle okay so the
Bozzio path environmentally influenced
feel empathy and guilt erratic behavior
struggles to find keep chops wait a
minute I thought sociopaths didn't feel
empathy like it's the same hmm path does
care sociopaths would feel no guilt
about hurting a stranger so how is that
thing a thing but it's not the same the
same thing does it feel that they feel
empathy when you look at that chart it
says sociopaths feel empathy whatever
close we kind of get it sure I feel like
a lot of you know stand-up comics is is
as much their narcissistic they might
they might also be sociopaths you know I
think a lot of people they get to a
point in their career where there's
they're trying so hard to be successful
that they it becomes all about them
right like it's becomes such an
obsession and the the narcissism is so
strong that all they really care about
is their own good and their own their
own success right and they'll fuck
people over that's that's a fact I mean
yeah I've seen it yeah it's kind of
sociopathic yeah have you lived it a
little bit we should keep it on the hush
yeah yeah we can't break it on this one
yeah we'll come back for that one we'll
do that when the camera sounds wrong yes
those experiences you know when you find
it when you start getting a little bit
of success and it's not even much right
it could be anything you get a
development deal right and also in
people like mmm oh yeah there's people
that equate good things happening to
other people as bad things happening to
them and that's the narcissism that's
that yeah that stream egomania right
extreme extreme narcissism and obviously
you have to be yes
has to be something wrong with you most
of the time not not a hundred percent of
time but most of time to want to be a
comedian right absolutely something's
gotta be wrong yeah because this is like
your ego gets too kicked in the dick
every day you know especially in this
town so just taking that every day you
have something a little wrong with you
yeah yeah and no better way to see it
than the goddamn open mic nights bro I
don't I can't go anymore I used to be
able to go and just watch but now it's
so fucking crazy it's just I can't
especially The Comedy Store because now
there's a crowd now that I mean back
when I mean I remember when I was like
coming up there was no crowd it was just
it was just your peers open mic nights
are packed yeah pack yeah like with a
real audience yeah yeah like that's you
guys are stealing there's people that
are fans of comedy now that want to see
the process really yeah is that what
that is yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah there's
a wonder that change podcasts oh that
makes sense
we started talking about an on podcast
and next thing you know I think over the
last like six seven years you start to
see people that are like I want to know
what it's like what is it because they
love going to see like headliners like
it right if you love going to see the
fully finished product you want to see
what it's like to see it's almost like
going and watching amateurs fight like
I'll keep an eye on them maybe one day
he'll be the champ I hear that but then
it's also I mean there's that bad I feel
like fighting yet you can kind of see
somebody style here and there but with
the comedy you see that everybody style
you're gonna see a young guy was
probably doing like a Dave Chappelle
type of thing the guys know like a do a
Jim Gaffigan captain thing you know Joe
Rogan kind of thing you know a Mitch
Hedberg kind of thing yeah so that's
just what open mic is we're gonna see a
bunch of copycats did I figure it out
you can't just do that but what's cool
about it is you go from that and then
you can go into the other room like oh
you can go into the main room and
there'll be a real show going on right
Kildonan
yeah so you could see both on the same
day like you you really can't yeah go
see a real comic yeah you can see open
mic night and then at the end of the
open mic night like Chappelle shows up
and pop up all the right dice clay yeah
all the time so you literally watch
these amateurs and then boom of like a a
world-renowned professional shows up
you're like oh that's the finished
product we get it now yeah
they're never gonna be I mean that's
crazy because that's the guy but
somebody used to be
I mean Chappelle was an open-mic er we
all were open my curse when you start
like 88 I was 21 21 okay yeah he was
like what 14 when he started he was a
baby
yeah I don't even get in um I think
they'd let him in I didn't know you
could get in I thought you had to be 21
because they are yeah and so but it
turns out there's like our law where you
can be I think in Massachusetts you
could be 18 with like a note to perform
at a nightclub they said to make sure
that they didn't serve you alcohol when
I met Dave I think Dave is like four or
five years younger than me and I was 23
or something like that he was a baby
seventeen probably yeah the cat's rising
star catch rising star in Boston are not
in Boston in New York yeah yeah I was
already passed a lot of clubs by that
point um he must have been he must
happen he was onstage and they were
already talking about him like that look
at this young kid like so talented I
remember the Silverman Sarah she was
telling me she's like I remember when uh
Chappelle got Mel Brooks's one of the
last films the men in tights it was like
a big talk in New York it was like hey
that nineteen old kid just got a note
Brooks the out deal Wow
the world was a different place back
then yeah it was it Isaac Hayes was
alive yes true yeah so a different time
yeah there was like you guys were scared
to AIDS this is the nineties right so
yeah so AIDS was big you couldn't really
fuck anybody you need the first time I
got an AIDS test I was so nervous
really oh yeah it just was a slide show
every bad decision I've ever made
every time I never wore a condom was
just going through my head cuz everybody
was convinced there's it was funny
because at the same time Kinnison had a
bit mm-hmm
where he goes like they say Sam they say
AIDS is a communicable disease straight
people can get it to you'll name one
fuck you it's not our dance and people
were so you know people were so mad well
nobody I know yeah but I was just you
know we when it happened
I remember in my car Joe I was living in
Boston
my car driving and it was listening to
the radio and Magic Johnson had a press
conference to announce that he had HIV
and it was like a scene in a zombie
movie where the first person got bit and
I was like oh my god yeah it's happening
holy shit I'm like Magic Johnson with
all his money that guy's got HIV yeah oh
my god were fucked we're fucked
I remember thinking that and then it was
probably like a year or two later I got
I got a AIDS test
after magic got it two years later I
mean I didn't have health insurance I
forgot there was like they cost money
back then oh yeah yeah thanks now
they're just free yeah well now they
want people to not get AIDS or people
just get a sometimes just get the free
health care really
yeah there's I mean I've this is this a
rumor on the street of her in the gay
community cuz I live in the gay
community not that I am but I'm saying I
lived there because it's clean in song
with gay people right exactly there's
nothing wrong right anyway uh and a gay
neighbor because it's safe it's safe oh
my god too safe yeah I just worry about
you know anyway uh boy I drop your keys
when you're naked I'm gonna go outside
naked anymore Joe but yeah they they say
like yes some guys would just get it to
stick at the free health care this
before Obamacare there's a thing called
bugchasers mm-hmm do you know what that
is mmm it was gay dudes that for
whatever reason look a lot of people are
self-loathing right there's people cut
themselves people that tattoo their face
they hate themselves for whatever reason
and they punish themselves
well there was host Malone hates himself
tattoo on his face there's gotta be
something wrong Mike Tyson Mike Tyson
yeah I think you had some issues yeah
he's my favorite by the way love I he is
my spirit animal
I fucking love Mike Tyson I got Tyson
weed over there everyone do you really
yeah do you smoke weed
yeah smoke how often every day every day
well yeah right now yes folks might know
some Tyson weed Oh mom
sorry break out the good stuff that's
gonna knock me out was doing Mike Tyson
holler at me please
some Titan ranch original stuff I think
in California City did I grew about
that's well yeah the earthquakes are oh
shit oh yeah weird I think they're
launching it soon
the ranch the rash oh yeah got a blight
brought us he brought us a golden box Lu
that box back there it's amazing
who made that no wasn't yeah whoever
knows Mike what was he on what episode
was up to he months back Oh can't
believe it never smoked weed before did
we ever never ever drink together we
have a smoke - um that's outrageous
outrageous enjoys occasion
but anyway there was bugchasers okay bug
chases were dudes that for whatever
reason for whatever reason they they
wanted to catch HIV they wanted to I
wanted calm bugchasers they would
literally go out and try to get it why I
mean they hated themselves he wanted it
oh this is a real thing yeah this is
okay this is like like black kids would
be like the death by cop thing yes yes
yeah not just black kids you see that
video recently and the guy was running
towards the cop with a knife and he's
fucking screaming and yelling he's like
don't make me shoot you
he just wanders other starts unloaded on
the guy suicide-by-cop is super super
common I did not know that yeah I
thought was just a good thing no it's a
it's a real common thing but uh
bugchasers were I mean maybe it's still
a thing but now AIDS is dude AIDS is the
apple of diseases it's the Oprah
diseases honestly it's like when Magic
Johnson got it AIDS was like our stocks
about to go up like fucking Disney I
mean could you think about cracking aids
kind of came in at the same time and
crack was killing it and all of a sudden
now AIDS it's like you eat AIDS it's
like you've it's not that big hits wreck
yeah yeah fucking Charlie Sheen it looks
great looks great dude Jeff at the
Comedy Store
yeah the comedy stars had it forever
yeah he's like yeah back when it wasn't
cool before it was cool yeah still got
it
it looks great looks great still got it
but it's HIV it's not right it's not
full balloons yeah hmm but nobody gets
nobody's full blown some people do
really yeah it's you can live with
full-blown I don't know I don't know why
they get it maybe
people don't react to the medication
maybe some people don't get treated
full-blown well you can live a
full-blown I don't know that you live
very long right I mean once again you
can live with HIV yes well now they can
get it to the point where your HIV by
the way if you're a doctor and listen
this we're sorry
I know we're no idea what you're talking
about
but if you hear it goes death usually
occurs within six months to three years
from the time of developing full-blown
AIDS people living with AIDS is there
any other disease that has full-blown
it's only AIDS like a rap name you get
full-blown flu full-blown AIDS and
that's the scientific term it's like
that's so blown out that's so like
that's so slang Oh put that back up
sorry do you know there's not an ounce
with full-blown in people living with
AIDS go through periods of being sick
alternating with periods of reasonable
health it's usually one of the many
opportunistic infections that eventually
cause death so yeah your immune system
smashed yeah and then causes death ooh
full-blown all right yeah full-blown
he's like we're like 38 now yeah hm he's
been around for a minute happy birthday
now it's um where the point where you
you can be undetectable like Magic
Johnson's apparently undetectable right
look even through aids tests like when
you test him for HIV he shows HIV
negative really yeah but they say it's
still dormant in the system somehow or
another it's very good so it's like like
herpes almost enough room like it flares
it all I think if you are hepatitis even
if you don't have an outbreak if they
test you it'll show the herpes
oh but with HIV though yeah with with
the way they have the medication the way
the body responds to the medication now
at least in some cases like Magic
Johnson's apparently he shows up HIV
negative but the weird thing is like
well isn't he cured then is that cured
mm-hmm there's two people and he's not
one of them so when they have started
curing people which I was like okay well
they differentiate like what's the
difference between curing someone and
what's going on with Magic Johnson when
he's HIV negative if you're anything now
else negative figure they cured you yeah
they have actually yeah they haven't
they haven't deemed him he's done with
that like you've you cured it like you
get tested for chickenpox and it comes
up negative they've cured you of
chickenpox right pull the other guy meet
the only person to be cured of HIV
there's one more guy now that's one more
guy now
so what happened in this guy yet
stem-cell treatment is what whoa hold
something there holder dis stuff from us
yeah they just yeah they just cured
another guy I want to say a few months
back it was this year they did it well
there was something that I posted it on
my Twitter feed that apparently is an
older store it's from like two years ago
and it was kind of form like a click
Beatty type site yeah as cool headlines
but it was about how a guy was paralyzed
and he's got regaining use of his legs
because of stem cells really yeah I
don't know enough about it look if
that's true that would be fucking
incredible
yeah I don't know don't hold that from
people yeah I don't know enough about
how severe the injury was versus you
know because I need I do know that some
people get temporarily paralyzed by
certain injuries mm-hmm I knew a dude
who got slammed on his head and his
whole body went numb he couldn't move
his body and he was like oh my god I'm
parallel this is a this is it this is
how I'm Allah for now on I can't move my
body but then his body slowly started
coming back and he just got jolted cuz
he was wrestling like a stinger yeah
yeah who's wrestling landed on his head
scary fucking shit man yeah I mean
perils I mean paralyzed and yeah
full-blown AIDS yeah so I don't know if
they really can bring someone back from
that but man if they can hold shit
that's a great question uh by the way
that because they do say if he's HIV
negative they wouldn't say he's cured of
it right so then evidently does show up
in some testing somewhere scientists
sorry we're sorry also how is the how is
he the only NBA player in history to
have HIV do you remember
Keenen Ivory Wayans bit about him no I'm
not kina I'm sorry Damon yeah Damon who
I sing his praises often on this podcast
and he's like the most underrated
comedian of all time I hear that an
often by the way right
one of the grades yeah but he had a bit
about nobody wanted to cover Magic
Johnson
except for Dennis Rodman and Dennis rod
was like I fucked Madonna I'll spit in
your mouth and he said dude is one of
those jokes will you hear it you can't
fucking believe he said it and you were
on the floor slapping the ground you
like No yeah oh no I mean he's a monster
he's still a monster by the way yeah I
remember like featuring for him like a
year or two ago years ago actually yeah
he's still great people forgot it's like
that Roy Jones jr. song y'all must have
forgot yeah he should put a special up
maybe that's what he did yeah you should
put a special out at all this that comes
are pretty great too like he took a long
time doing that that TV show that it was
people associated them with that
television show which was like very
family-friendly yeah you know good for
him made a lot of money
I'm sure did you ever guess that what
you're mad about no no I don't matter
about anything I love that guy
yeah I love his brother to Kenan it's
cool shit yeah tomorrow I know that I
don't know them as well
yeah Kenan super cool he's always been
like a real down earth guy too but uh I
mean they have comedy bones like all
these guys I mean like I work the Marlon
and he is like he is so fun he's
hilarious yeah the whole family I mean I
imagine a family yeah does that much
stand up in I mean that's banana in the
rock family too yes yes Joran Tony and
that's parsley Chris yeah dude
Tony's another one yeah god damn that
dudes funny yeah god damn he's funny
I've never seen him one but he's I only
get what I look like him bro he's one of
those guys that because he's Chris
Rock's brother people almost like they
look almost like past him you know like
oh you're Chris Rock's brother right the
other rock like dude forget all that
that guy's a murderer yeah he fucking
kills he's really good he's just funny
man he's just in he's it's like sharp
good writing you know a good solid punch
line yeah boom boom boom is pacing so I
got legit killer he's a large it killer
dude he was the last time I saw him was
in he was on the main room in the common
start and there was I walked into the to
the back because there was
roars it was Tony roars Tony rock was
murdering I mean murdering werewolves
damn you could hear in the hallway that
wrote that hallway roar when someone
just really hit a high note I walked in
my damn know dude everybody's always
talking my Tony rock in the community I
mean he's he's a monster a monster I
mean so much more famous if he wasn't
Chris Rock's brother really he's he's a
fucking top 10 murderer I think that
it's one of those things if your brother
is one of the greatest comics of all
time not just a great right your
brothers Chris Rock yeah you guys just
black people I mean everybody knows that
bit everybody knows that bit he he's one
of the Great's of all time if that's
your brother you know it's a weird thing
man they just like hey ya can't get me a
brothers number he you know means the
gifting the curse though yeah I'm Tony
rock I kill to probably kill you know
Charlie used to have a bit more out it
Charlie used to have videos if he was
they said Charlie's you get mad at
people yelling out Charlie Murphy you
know cuz everybody's like hey that was a
thing people would do with him if you
worried that what Charlie he goes no I'm
just glad they're not calling me Eddie
Murphy's brother anymore
imagine outrage a feels yeah Brandy's
brother you never saw the tape I did did
you know you saw the tape yeah everybody
had to see that yeah it was most watched
TV yeah it's super important is in pop
culture you're a star you know it's uh
it's gotta be weird man to have someone
like that that's a brother that's a
person who's like like if you're Mike
Tyson's brother mm-hmm you know real
good heavyweight boxer Tony Tyson yeah
but you're Mike Tyson's brother yeah you
can yeah like a knockouts to like
everything that like my grow at a
totally different standard but I don't
think that's the case with the Wayans
brothers the Wayans brothers is like
generally accepted that they're all
really talented yeah yeah yeah they're
all really good they were all super
successful yeah yeah Kim - yeah oh no no
yes Shantay like damn you know all those
crazy comedy fan
Craig yeah and they're all just a it's
just it's in their DNA
yeah predisposed to being funny well
it's also like that's the family
business which is you know some people
they make boots right where they cater
you know or they were delis oh man I was
just in Italy like like when you see
like these little small family
businesses small family restaurants like
people that work there you know he looks
like the the father's the owner and the
daughter is the manager mom works in the
kitchen it's like wow this is crazy but
they still do that business yeah yeah
that was always a thing right you
remember like family businesses on the
East Coast now it's like so rare that
people they wear it like a badge of
honor look it's a family business I grow
businesses to be family businesses know
that everything we corporate though yeah
man
there's certain places where that's not
the case though if you got to really
appreciate there's one of the things you
appreciate about going to Italy mm-hmm
there's this like a bunch of little
places I mean they have nice doors like
if you're in like Gucci shit and stuff
like that they have nice doors there but
the restaurants and all the places where
you buy things they're not like they're
like people's shops right they're not
boutiques there's just like yeah i go to
i go to Craig's or I go to market or
walk guns or you know or Sears it's not
there's no corporate to to it
it's just families it's weird that keeps
the money in the household so you know
it makes it real familial actually works
out which isn't that makes sense and
that's also why I say like I'm not real
big into the reparation stuff for black
people I mean I don't really know the
ins and outs of it people keep saying
like we need it get ready for Twitter
hey I'm saying this I'm saying like how
about we incentivize parenting mmm but
can you do that keep if if you're
watching your kids instead of like
they're just out there cuz I mean like
let's say is reparations talked about I
don't know infrastructure and black
communities and if that's the case well
then let's incentivize keeping the
parents they're keeping the parents
together or if they're split up it's
just like if you guys are teaching your
kid and he and he's in school every day
or he survives you know eight years of
school shooting every family gets like
you know a big bonus you know or if if
he makes the Honor Roll you know like
you guys get this it's like you could
really be investing in your investment
so I could take they say it takes 18
years and make it back on your best move
your child if you're if you're in
devising him to go to school for
education it's gonna make better people
a better society that seems good on
paper now if you're seeing incentive
eyes like how attentive eyes them right
I'm saying like always good it's always
good to encourage people to be
successful so your kids as well on some
of these like aptitude tests right right
then you get a stipend or something like
that I mean it's like what are these
reparations are talking about exactly
it's exactly I don't really know the ins
and outs of it but if it's about
infrastructure of black communities I'm
so into it but it's also let's
incentivize keep you know that being in
the child's life because for a lot of
the for a lot of the reason these kids
are like they're depressed they feel
like they have a chip on their shoulder
because nobody's home watching them and
they go to these gangs that they go to
these other things right because they're
just not being watched right but I think
the idea behind reparations is that some
people at one point in time were
profiting off of slavery those people
have used that money and that money has
become a part of really large businesses
many many large business oh it's always
taken from businesses well that's where
reparations would have to come from and
my own yeah yeah your electric fucking
yeah give me $1,500 that's one that I
think directly should be like you have
to wonder like if you made money like
what if you used to sell babies you had
a baby selling business you sold babies
right and then your your grandson
inherited all your money from selling
babies okay but the grandson is cool I
mean he just he goes golfing and he's
not criminal or it's fine it's fine but
is it fine because didn't his money come
from babies Helen right where is it
we're at wait a minute let's chase this
money look here's it started out it was
this much money and then your dad got
that and then his dad got that yeah and
then like how many generations okay so
you're saying that families were no
plantation owners she'd had to pay that
money back to the black community where
did it go where'd the money go
what was he used for no you're right I'm
sorry hundred years ago
it's 1865 okay it's not long ago it's so
recent buddy that it's on the census
that says they're black right at two it
would like an 8% if I'm eight percent
black I'm going to get how much of this
you know the Jones plantation you know
fortune I'm not saying that I'm saying
that
the the smart thing to do would be to
figure out what damage was select if
they've really objectively looked at
what damage was done to communities
where slavery existed for meaning how
many hundreds of years in this country
before it was four hundred years
hundreds of years right and then it ends
and then these people live in these
cities and they're discriminated against
and they're locked up it wouldn't they
would sort of one thing that I learned
about who was telling us about this that
they would disproportionately arrest
hello man from reconstruction the worst
air for black people in America it's not
so much slavery as it is the
Reconstruction era because then people
are just mad that black people are here
also arresting them small crimes and
making them work in prison right
kidnapping people yeah making the
indentured servants you become it's just
another form of slavery is that through
his weird loophole like you can make you
a slave again just arrest you for
hanging out in the street yeah no we put
you in this factory and you have to do
this for us
like nothing it's basically the same
thing when you find out what they make
in prisons when you go wait a minute
they do work for like 13 cents a day or
whatever the fuck they get right what
they're modernizing slavery yeah because
somehow or another that's okay because
we got them locked in a box like they're
supposed to be punished right they're
supposed to be rehabilitated and take it
off the street but we're gonna make them
work for no money I know why men so
smart I don't like black guys we got to
start making white guys work for us why
don't we do the same thing we're just a
smart
well those all the areas that were
affected by that in the 50s and the 60s
there's a residual effect that has never
been addressed like the government has
never said we've got to figure out how
to make these spots better because the
reason why they're so fucked up is
because slavery was there and then the
subsequent you know the race riots of
the sixties and then this quest to to
figure out what to do with those sort of
stopped short there's not like like like
Baltimore and in places like that like
Detroit South Side Chicago would just
murder every year we just accept nice
logic
high numbers of murder right yeah is
West Side Chicago that where it all goes
down let me set aside aside they're just
really poor areas but it's also like how
these guys getting guns yeah Wow if you
can drive around you can get a gun and
that's another yeah I just don't know
like you have money for guns but you'd
have money to like I don't know you know
get a backpack and go to school
well also if you see that around you all
the time the problem is I've become a
part of that world if everyone's kind of
gun never shooting everybody and why
don't ya know you better get one better
get a fuckin gun I try to shoot at you
you got a shoot back like what yeah oh
shoot yeah yeah you live in a war zone
bro go get a gun that's what it is it's
an it just like it's not a war zone in
terms of like its official resignation
by the government but it's a war zone
these are yeah people are shooting at
each other that's a dead there Waring
each other
Hatfield McCoy isn't it's it's a war
it's a civil war this is it's like
warring tribes yeah we have that in
fucking Siberia right now I bet but
they're Siberian gang fights yeah that's
also every best depression and that's
that's another thing classes and does
it's like they're telling you to kill
yourself because you're just poor and
you don't know what to do and it's like
but that's not true I mean I'm a black
guy like you guys and I got I got the
only members who are you know in gangs
like that and it sucks down there
they're they're so depressed because
they what they say they don't not get
out of it yeah and you don't see any
pathway and they don't see anybody who's
gotten out of it so they feel like
they're stuck there's a lot of kids that
grow up in bad situations they feel
inferior
exactly yeah they feel inferior because
the clothes they wear or how much money
their family has or than how do you
empower those kids through I think
through activities
I think getting those kids involved in
things that they can get good at that
show that they have value and that with
hard work comes rewards I mean some of
the greatest success stories in this
country are professional athletes coming
out of impoverished neighborhoods
yeah and they become these global
superstars but then they stay over but
then they stay in their kids lives
though don't they
some of them do yeah I mean but it's
like you can't you can't fix all that's
taken place no
have to sort of figure out how to how to
improve the way people look at life the
way people interface with life it's very
hard if you're trying to do that but all
around you is violence and crime and
fear and other levels or all this act up
because you're in the hood and that
that's not been addressed like a serious
health problem in this country that's
like even an infrastructure problem we
just sort of accept the fact isn't it
your problem so if we're gonna put money
back if we're gonna rep repair these
black communities put money in the
infrastructure but also you've got
incentive I sent avise parents to be
there right I think it's a good idea I
like what you're saying yeah because
you're not punishing them
no just incentivize no I'm not saying
like we shouldn't get money you know
just for being black I'm saying we got
to keep the parents there because that's
what that would build a strong community
it really does you know I don't know a
whole lot about Kamala Harris but I do
know that you know she's a very powerful
well-spoken lady but she was talking
once about this thing that they did
where they had these parents be
responsible for their kids truancy and
so they could go to jail like the idea
was I make sure this is correct make
sure this is correct Jamie because I
think the the thing what they were
saying was they were they were gonna
they would have cops go to visit when a
kid who had been true it okay
and they would sort of threaten the
mother that she's responsible for the
child's truancy the mother is the father
well whoever was there and a single
mother in this case at this one one case
they were talking about specifically and
that this lady had to figure out a way
to get her fucking son to show up at
school hey I could go to jail you know
and did it work I'm sure it worked right
I'm sure everyone was probably terrified
but is that really what we want in
America we want people to be scared that
you might go to jail if your kid doesn't
go to school so if the kid doesn't go to
school you're gonna lock someone in a
cage that is so threatening
just cuz he's enrolled it's almost like
maybe I took out sick day yeah but if
you want to do homeschooling thing I
think you have to fill out paperwork you
apply for it you have to let them know
you would
right and the school says I think right
but how many trustees is this is this
this first one I don't know how many I
see a first-time offender okay if it
wasn't yeah someone saying they're gonna
lock you in jail because your kid
doesn't go to school that's bananas
that's bananas like you he's 16 or
whatever the fuck yeah yeah like when
are you when you were 16 you were freely
I was a latchkey kid right 14 I was out
on we lived in different time though Joe
I know you know we're genders you know
race is race you know it's different for
us it's that the only thing that bothers
me that's that just drives me crazy the
idea of like the way you fix things is
by scaring people and locking the MOE
that's how religion Gulag start man yeah
that's that's really that's how that's
how the Soviet Union becomes this room
fucking empire of authoritarian regime
what's up the the jail sentences of some
parents in multiple counties were in
quotes what she said an unintended
consequence of a statewide law but I'm
looking further into this and this says
this is from Los Angeles Times what was
that speech actually that she gave where
she explained how she she did it and how
it was effective she was hard on people
being truant I think your idea what my
point was I think that your idea is
better because instead of punishing
people for not doing it incentivizes
imper doing it and if you could set
aside imagine that as a project right
you were saying there like it takes 18
years to see right it could fund an 18
year project where they were doing that
and just incentivizing kids to succeed
and all of a sudden they just start
succeeding like crazy yeah what if we
got a big jump because it was like
financially violet you're competing for
what's a great idea it was a great
compete look at the a you like look at
all these guys who could get popped in
the in college for like taking you know
incentives it's like because it's
because they're getting their parents
jobs or homes or cars there's another
form there's another form of you know I
mean college athletes who's getting
fucked harder than college athlete
exactly who's getting fucked harder than
the only thing that's interesting about
the I mean literally the only thing
that's interesting about the event is
the athletes performing that's it and
they make une Goths
they make not know they're getting a
forty grand
give you the opportunity to perform
right everybody gets here he's like an
electrical engineering degree like
everybody wants me what are you talking
about my God look at this 2016-2017
school year the NCAA revenue reached 1
billion with a be 1 billion dollars and
their nonprofit or an athlete's get one
gots it's gonna get paid to organize the
sports right that's right click on that
link it says NCAA sports make one that's
that Business Insider's that's one of
them real click Beatty is that Allegra
is it or is it a real legit just gotta
figure out who wrote the article but
it's also like what California is like
they they put on a bill right they're
gonna pay the athletes for their
likeness they should pay them to play
yeah should play who do schools I think
people in the audience would they pay
for they pay for entertainment they're
being to watch entertainment yep and
watch the game so how come the players
don't get a piece right why don't they
do it where it's like this says my name
on the back I go I can't get it's like a
piece of that the idea is that it's not
fair no one else gets anything for
anything they do in school yeah but
that's you're stealing from athletes
will make you professional if you're
getting paid for your for your craft
nuts well then if it's gonna be if the
athletes gonna work for free the fucking
show should be free it should be free
tickets damn just broke the Internet
that's it should be like oh ok we don't
get any money well you don't get any
money either we're doing it for fun but
you're doing it for fun what if games
were free yeah holy shit that's how it
should be you don't want to pay me free
everything's free you can't charge money
and keep it all you greedy that'd be the
worst audience by the way that's the
free audience is the worst audience the
one you know the weird thing about
colleges is the dudes who've graduated
in the rich now and they donate money
keep that football program alive was uh
they give you a fucking the best thing
in their community player it love it
like Jamie loves Columbus teams anything
from Columbus he gets a boner for you
get super state with the Epstein shit
they've invested a lot of money on Ohio
State and they're trying to figure out
if they need to give it back oh did he
go to Houston he didn't but he's
involved in Columbus business and so
they've given a lot of money to this
team and have they determined that his
that his money like how his money was
made through sex trafficking yeah I caps
teens money yeah I don't know I don't
know I mean I know you imagine that one
guys I mean how much from sex
trafficking cuz that would mean that
would make him a plantation owner like
in a sense right because he's like he's
giving out flush he's getting pay for
flush mmm what was his allegedly what he
did was he would find young girls yeah
and get them to give him massages maybe
like you guys should you know yeah
getting my tribe yeah like a man yeah
ask you a real creepy way of describing
it to he said that he thought it was
impossible for him to control that his
impulses were impossible for him to
control and he was a great flight risk
so didn't want him to have see if that's
true so his therapist was saying this so
they're trying to protect him but it's
also like are they trying to cure him I
think see if that quote is true cuz I'm
pretty high right now the prosecutor
said that he died some that the Epstein
fellow had impulses that were impossible
to control that's how he felt but a lot
of those guys they say that right even
like the Jared know all the guys say
that that's a thing apparently about
pedophiles yeah is that the recidivism
rate so high when they get if they do go
to jail then they get released boy man
they do it again right cuz like I got
away I can do that
like idealist and I think they're broken
I think this it's like a you know that
screen that was just all fucked up
that's them that's that it's a glitch
yeah I think I don't think we should
assume that you know if you if your
brain is working well and your body's
working well you just can't assume that
everybody's is I think that's yeah you
feel bad for it I mean like we feel guys
who like who were born with maybe like
severe cerebral palsy right like in a
sense that's what's happening to them
you know like they can't control this
urge but then it's also how do you fix
that instead of like shaming them right
in and a lot of it is apparently a lot
of pedophilia is brought from through
sexual trauma right so if someone is
molested as a young child
apparently there's a high likelihood
that they're gonna do is their
likelihood rather that they can so it's
like the HIV virus
it's it's just you're you're breaking
someone's wiring like the wiring to the
way they interface with the world as a
young age at a young age and you're
fucking up their life in a horrible way
they said about Michael Jackson right
it's like he touched early so then it
was like he just he was using that as
like hey I this is this is normal to me
yeah well why did he ever allege
happened to him did he ever explain what
happened to him no there was something
where he was talking about how he had
all the surgery so he didn't have to
look like his father
I remember that really yeah but that's
also it could also be that so he was
scared of his father yeah look in the
mirror he saw his father yeah man in the
mirror yeah that's what it's about it's
not about getting your shit together
they also say they also say because he
bought the Beatles catalog that that's a
smear campaign and like they paid those
kids off to say that about him that's
ridiculous
it's a great conspiracy their whole I
think people are you know they're crazy
if they think it's normal for a guy to
have a bunch of kids sleep in his bed
and he's weird you know my drugs that is
off the charts bananas that anybody
would let their kids stay there yeah off
the charts bananas it is also Mike was
off the charts yeah he had so many hits
the more hits you have the more shit you
can get away with until okay Berman's
just dismissed a request for bail
because Epstein's impulses are not
likely to have abated or been
successfully suppressed
that's not exactly ideal hair that makes
more sense
i paraphrased hard that's how things the
Florida guys how rumors get started so
this isn't Florida you can get away with
anything there you used to be able to
tighten down on Florida thank God fuck
Florida 2019 it took you this long
well Florida was the place where the
pain pill mills existed where they'll
have the management centers the pain
management centers right next to an
oxycontin store dude so you go to the
doctor it's a yes but back's killing me
doctors like you need pain pills know
that I do need pain pills this is right
a piece of paper and then you would
literally go to the next door over and
it was the building connected to them
that sells the pain pills
that have it in the same spot sometimes
that's like cocaine country too right
yeah
everybody's so fucking high in Florida
oh dude Florida's crazy it's crazy it's
got a history of high I feel like the
the chaos of the 80s of all the cocaine
is burned into the psyche of the
landmass no and then the alligators
moved in and there's even more reptilian
more reptilian
when I was a kid I lived there I lived
in Israel I lived in Gainesville yeah
gains northward right north I don't know
if it's nor is it north sort of ish
minute medalists Boca I mean we were
around alligators but they were
endangered back then so they would tell
you that yeah they thought of them is in
danger
people are so silly they're like we have
to protect these fucking monsters
they're around us we have and when I was
there
some ladies poodle got snatched I think
it was a poodle was a small dog got
snatched by an alligator while I was
there and uh yeah yeah I didn't see it
happen but I came like after it happened
and people were all freaked out and they
were telling you to stop feeding the
marshmallows we would feed alligators
marshmallow and they keep coming back
well the thing is they would they like
the marshmallows like so you knew if you
threw the marshmallows alligator to come
up and eat it and they got used to
eating marshmallows and then there was
signs they said don't have the
alligators eat marshmallows because it's
apparently bad for the digestive system
and bla bla bla bla bla thinking shit
everywhere your mother can eat a whole
dog with a collar on yeah I mean it's
not the dog's collar it's swallowing
that collar it's gonna shit out that
metal buckle uh you you really think I'm
marshmallows gonna start so this
attitude that they had that they wanted
to bring back the alligator it was a
good thing because you know they really
were on the verge of extinction but then
it became the opposite so now I'll
Gators everywhere so now like alligators
people find him in their house yeah they
find him in their pool like they're
snatching people up like rats in New
York they're everywhere and they're so
did you see that one that was really
recently filmed walking across a golf
course no it is a dinosaur really 15
feet long I do love the Gator though
yeah it really it's an awesome animal
see if you could find the video the
video of the giant alligator they and
they said by the way that this alligator
is probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of 80 years old
yeah he's 80 years old zero 80 years
that's a 8 year old alligator jaw in
appearance any kind of racism our Jim
Crow laws they're just yeah walking
through that machine yeah yeah good for
them but when you here it is look at
this oh shit you were lying oh my god
he's 80 years old it's an 80 year old
alligator yeah he's moving kind of fresh
they'd say the ones that are really big
when they get to be that like 15 foot
length yeah because a lot of those are
really old 56 no arthritis I mean guy
friend shot one and it was more than 80
years old shoutout to John Dudley I
think you're Eddie's a dinosaur is a
goddamn Wow
that means oh that is rewind that again
because we're both super high I mean
what does he even do imagine seeing that
Brian Moses yeah or in your yard you're
chilling hanging out on your phone got
your feet up and you see that walking
across your yard
yeah I got you get the fuck out of
Florida like how close is that to me
what the fuck I mean that's it's super
dope look I mean look at that thing
yeah he's got a scab there too how much
you think that weighs let's go half a
ton 500 pound I think a thousand easy
did you see the guys fishing and the one
he's reeling a big-ass fish and the
Gator wants it know starts chasing some
on land and these guys like get the fuck
out of the way oh my god it's a
thousand-pound Gary egg but it's big
that's all a lot of church shoes it's so
big
a lot of church shoes but these things
they live amongst us and they eat dogs
yeah and they deer and everything else
they can get their hands they have to
eat a lot of food to maintain that
fucking mass is this it so the guy oh my
god somebody's always got holes in the
Gators chasing them holy shit oh fuck
whoa Kylie is 480 do they move quick
move quick note how old that one is that
could be a younger one well he's
stealing this dude's fish yeah keep the
fish Wow
get robbed for his fish yeah he just got
jacket oh yeah I was gonna say that
doesn't look like an alligator that's a
crocodile what's the difference
crocodiles have like a pointy or snout
and they're way more aggressive okay so
don't fuck with a croc alligators are
better yeah oh my god they're better
okay this is many crocodiles there are
alligators in Florida way more people to
be getting jacked Oh
so croc is a hello Crocs who fuck
everybody up Crocs do not discriminate
they get water buffalos and people they
fuck they're real aggressive - there was
this one video of um they had like an
alligator farm and they were raising
alligators and then they had one
crocodile and so when they came time to
feeding the one crocodiles like bits
down sit the fuck down
climbing on top of these roosters and
him feel like yeah but he was on the top
of all the alligators fuck off fuck off
of here and just took control and was
getting the food no well crawl a
crocodile either get an alligator that's
good question
they hate each other do they really -
caiman where's it came in from that's a
crocodile but it's a very small
crocodile okay Caymans are small they
live in the Amazon
have you eaten crocodile no or Gator
yeah I was I was I had I had a place it
was like a fucking TGI Fridays type
joint and it wasn't the best
it wasn't TGI Fridays but you know it
was like one Applebee's type place right
like a chain yeah that's data and it
wasn't like fresh but apparently when
you get it fresh like right off the
Gator it's supposed to be really good
there's like any meat could be like that
you know no man even rat yeah but the
alligator thing is like did you eat
gator yeah yeah my uh my brother sister
lived down there and my brother got a
gun pulled on him whoa yeah yeah but
like a delivery driver whoa so there so
my brother yeah a little baby my little
niece and there with her it's my brother
and her in the back and then uh he's
driving us in the neighborhood he's
going the speed limit right like maybe
like five to ten miles an hour a little
slower and there's a delivery driver
behind him delivery driver gets mad so
his honking Adam is behind him right my
brother-in-law pulls into their driveway
delivery driver pulls him behind him and
is like
what do you want to do man and she
flashes a gun on them and my brother
who's like he's as big as you he's like
a bodybuilder and he's uh he was like I
don't do anything man he's like I don't
know why you're honking I mean like my
daughter in the back you know she's like
less than a year old and the guy is just
like I'm not making this a race thing
and he's like I'm not saying this is a
race thing and the kid yeah so he's just
like well and it might mean like uh my
uh my brother was in the military he
could come to calling the guys sir and
the guys like you call me sir he in the
military and he's just like I am sir I'm
in the military he's just like we're
disgrace to the military and he's just
like I just went slow enough because my
daughter's in the back and you're behind
me so he's like I don't understand what
the deal is here and the guys just kept
just trying to egg him on to try to like
provoke a fight because of stand your
ground oh yeah I mean it was why I heard
about I was terrified my sister was
shook she had come home from work
because it's like you know the baby's in
the back and this guy just like pulled
up into your driveway and he's just like
if Quincy would have made a move and
that guy shot him that Guy'd have been
in the right how much of that's going on
it's probably happening all the time
look we having a Trayvon that's a
uniquely incompetent secure guard to
though I mean he was getting smashed
he's getting his head bounced off my 15
year old right now
the kid was fucking him up yeah well
that got out I mean they haven't afford
it - it wasn't a parking lot right we're
a guy like thought he was being
threatened by a dude with his kids in
the car and then he shot the guy there's
a parking lot in uh in Florida I don't
know that one oh that's for that that's
think I have another last year or
something but that's definitely a recent
one people just having guns all the time
seems like a great idea
but the people like that having guns
yeah is when it becomes a problem
someone yeah somebody knows that you
don't have a gun and they're trying to
goad you into something so they could
shoot you look yeah outlaw Josie Wales
movie like that's not someone defending
themselves so that's the weapon that's
that's why guns are creepy it's not
creepy because a guy like you has a gun
you're a great guy you're not gonna rob
anybody no I don't need to go you
wouldn't have a gun Yeah right but if
you did have a gun I wouldn't be nervous
I feel like well Moses has a gun he can
handle it yeah yeah I'm not looking at
yeah most people that aren't good guys
right if those are not good guys get a
gun
this was the one he's talking about
where the guy was that's a big standard
yeah he's like on the ground with his
hands up and he's got shot still really
like I said he was felt threatened or
something
that's all they need is a reason to mama
that's all they need is a rings in the
Florida he's on the ground on his knees
and the guy shot him yeah oh my god yeah
Jesus Christ
I mean when do you not shoot someone if
there are if if you you will know you
wouldn't shoot him if they flattened out
I mean why did he I thought it was
always like if somebody's attacking you
I thought I mean that's your that's your
on the ax to flatten out yeah well I
know you to offer the money here
yeah here's how much think my life would
you accuse him I mean if he shot the guy
was the guy was flattened out what about
then do you think the same about me me
no I'm saying like yeah do you think
like they'd have the same reaction cuz
the reaction they had when they saw him
with his hands up honestly man yeah yeah
I don't know how mad you yeah I don't
how mad you are with the gun your head
with a weapon in your hand to be like I
can I'm playing God right out of this
guy I can kill this man right now this
person right here right so yeah it
wouldn't matter would they accuse him
what I'm saying is would they accuse him
because they didn't he got away foot he
got away with it right he was accused
though right it wasn't charged for this
they didn't charge him that's what I'm
that's what I'm saying what that's what
I'm saying he wasn't arrested yes he's
deciding to stand your ground law I'm
reading right here from the AP sheriff
won't arrest parking lot shooter that's
also they can't even charge him no
that's what I'm saying that's that's
like that's like you can't challenge
that rule like in football you can't
that's not a he a wrestler he said he
felt threatened and the black guy was
just like dude I was on the ground
there's there's there's closed-circuit
footage of it you know but my question
was what if he had lied down lie down
flat on the ground would then he be who
I mean when would they what at what
would the line be that's where they
decide to charge him you know saying
right okay will you charge me this lying
down
if the guys lying down just execute them
right does that still stand your ground
there there is a manslaughter trial
apparently now updated I said 18
manslaughter oh he killed that guy I'll
call the sheriff as a defense witness
that's insane
I'm sorry there's certain people that
should have a gun right now there's
certain people a lot of you know
seasoned law enforcement people in
people with good dispositions that would
never in their
can wildest dreams shoot someone who's
on their knees would never threaten
anybody with a gun and they have a gun
purely for senseless for self-defense
that's a different thing
you know but there's when you have
everybody can have a gun that's you're
gonna get a certain number of those
fucking guys yeah
and they think wait a minute they think
they're in the right yeah I think we all
gotta get guns I mean like is that
nothing is not that the move do we now
get guns this is America we can be
racist and have guns and be on drugs mmm
well you have to be on drugs now it's
new right there's gonna it's gonna come
to a point toilet did you imagine how
scared of you of your kids to go to
school that scary right scare when you
have children you're very vulnerable you
know you feel you feel more filled with
love than ever before but you also feel
more filled with fear because you're
worried I mean that's one of the things
that the Romans always knew so make me
about families you can control them if
they have families oh that's fucking
powerful yeah you can control your minds
throat young dudes right everything goes
with swords yeah we're single like you
want him to get shacked up and have kids
right that would they stop doing that
yeah and then you got to kill somebody's
kids every now and then keep him in line
she did proud I mean that's what they
did they did that from time-honored
tradition you kill somebody's kid to
keep him in line they did it with
they've done it in the Mafia they've
done it with a lot a people I mean it's
it's always been something that people
do to put fear in people you get people
to when you have a lot more to lose when
you have a family they look at it that
way there's certain people that I mean
when you study how to get people to
listen to you and to behave and how to
strike fear into populace that's that's
why they don't want abortion laws mmm
wow that's deep right there's if if
there is someone that is really thinking
we need we need to make sure that people
have families so that they'll be more
vulnerable yeah if there's someone that
is following that philosophy which is
not my thought yeah exactly you said
this uh but it's been around forever
this is like you're commonly like a
human just human humans born they think
that like
we have to keep families keep them in
line well it's when you talk about
authoritarian figures like people that
want to have an iron fist to control the
population the last thing you want is a
bunch of young single guys running
around with you know attachments because
that's how coos get successfully
completed yeah watching young
mercenaries just decide to take over
your fucking building like the
expendable style and shoot everybody you
don't want that because they have
nothing to lose right you want a guy
loves his wife he's got some of his kids
and you know he's got yeah he's got
something to lose and that's that's how
you keep a society in order and that's
why you shouldn't be getting rid of
babies no condoms no babies no birth
control no babies if someone really was
plotting out a culture that way like
really masterminding it and really
saying that not just knowing that that
is the case that people do change but I
have children but then doing this and
promoting this on purpose specifically
to control people if that was the case
yeah they would do that they would do
that too they would they would they
would work against abortion because they
would want more people to have more kids
so they control them that makes sense
well good so crazy to think that way but
it's it would only be like one factor I
think the major fact is religion because
if you are if you're pro-life and a
candidate is pro-choice in your mind a
lot of times people decide that that
person is against like God's law that
person wants to kill children right so
they almost feel like compelled to vote
you know to vote against you if you're
pro-choice I know but like are they
thinking about well you know what if
this mother doesn't raise this child now
you have this you know this mother who's
resentful of this child that she had
that you guys made her have and this
child who's you know this loveless child
now and they both you know she's got
mental illness he's got mental illness
because you know he's looking first
mother's love she's like this kid role
my dreams you know this husband didn't
stay that kind of thing you just you're
you're making these communities you know
depressed and sad you know and then you
guys who said no you have to have that
you're not raising this kid you know you
don't put money in nothing you know and
that's this family's pocket all these
things you're saying are true yeah
it's one of those things
where you could see to to like distinct
patterns but infinite different
varieties of completely the world sucks
because the baby was born or the world
is amazing right baby's ball right Tim
Tebow says that you know he's that's the
thing man it's true though sauce is true
I mean it's you never know you never
know but it's whose decision should it
be and what is it that's the real
question like what is abortion right
what is it is it killing a baby or is it
a medical procedure like which one is it
as a slippery slope that's where the
debate falls in Pro Tours pro-choice or
pro-life it's not that these pro-choice
people are evil people
no they just don't want anybody
dictating I mean it's not like an evil
organization that's created by Satan
it's not it's not it's women that don't
want you to tell them what to do with
the reproductive system right that's
what it is they want to be able to make
the choice themselves but then there's
other people that are pro-life and
specifically the more militant ones
which you know the assassinated abortion
doctors I mean there are people that
firmly believe that even if it's just a
couple of days old right it's it's a
baby right and that any sort of
procedure to stop that in its place is
murder you're murdering a baby and
there's no if ands or buts about it and
it's like the way they look at the the
loonie left and that they they buy into
this bullshit and right you know that
that that's a narrative that you know
that's how they that's how they really
believe and people demonize people on
both sides of it as if they're so
different and there's no way you could
ever think any differently the way then
the way you're thinking it right now no
I think you broke it down just like is
it a medic procedure or is it ya know
the other way and I think that's a
that's that's hard to get into okay yeah
I mean that's that we'll be debating
that to the end of time well it's one of
the most human subjects because it shows
how complicated shit really is right and
if you try to pretend it's not then you
get into late term abortions like well
what's up there when does it get weird
for you what is right yeah six months
does it get weird then look it's weird
like I'm not saying you should be it
shouldn't be
to have an abortion or should be I'm not
saying either of those things I'm saying
to deny the weirdness yeah it's a very
the nicest term that I could come up
with weirdness right
it is weirdest I had a UH I got a girl
pregnant I was a teenager and uh she had
an abortion I'm sorry she had a
miscarriage
nature's abortion and then she she would
I was eight weeks or nine weeks and she
was flushing out chunks of the she was
calling the baby so I mean that's at
like eight to nine weeks everybody Jesus
yeah yeah so Wow yeah and she shouldn't
have had a baby she was on crystal meth
I mean that should have happened so they
think whatever higher-powered did that
for us but yeah that's what I'm saying
like that I mean that that's when you
said that's why it's so messy and it
really is messy because you don't know
what is what right now she's like it
traumatized her yeah you know makes
sense means a crazy process that the
human body goes through that men will
never really understand because there's
never gonna be an opportunity where a
body grows inside your body and then
comes out of your body the way a woman
experiences I mean that's mailing shit
dude women experience something that is
so alien to anything that the male's
experience they grow a body inside of
them yeah it's very it's so different
we're so dead it's it's so different
like veterans or how they interface with
the world they them yeah nurturing they
want to protect the nest and keep
everybody safe and they're gonna have a
baby inside right now they have to take
care of this baby and care for and then
the baby will become more people and
they'll start mating and they get become
adults networking server oh yeah
Earthlings y-yeah
comes out of their body and for us man
we just we just shoot loads this is so
easy this is like the art what we do
when we don't have a baby and what we do
when we have a baby is the exact same
thing like you to when you have sex with
a woman and she gets impregnated it's it
feels like regular sex yeah us and we
have sex all the time and you don't get
pregnant and then all sudden you are so
it's like weird like we didn't even do
anything we just had sex like we
normally up sex yeah we had sex and now
there's a next and
to person like whoa like whites but
there's a lot of times you so you
associate sex with pleasure right like
it is obviously but when you have a baby
you're like oh it does that it does that
yes it does yeah sex does that so for a
man there's no there's no difference in
what happens to his body right like
whether when he's having sex and babies
conceived versus when he's having sex
and nothing it's just fun there's no
difference to him he doesn't feel a
difference whereas a woman literally her
body will fucking grow yeah a person a
person with a brain that she serious
she's sharing vessels and kingswood this
thing's kicking inside of her like that
experience the fuck you up for a man yes
I mean I would look I do not like if
there was an a way that you could record
what it's like to be someone and then
they give you like a little chip and you
would slip it in there and I could put I
could see you like you would allow
people all of your feelings the way your
skin feels the way your emotions are the
way your psychology is set up you would
allow people to de literally beat you
for a couple days and the chip would do
that yeah it's check but just sit in
your head and you that's one beat
Allison yeah I would I would like to
feel what it's like to be pregnant
really yeah
you want to feel that that like that rip
that pay or just like just not the birth
but okay so fuck that I don't want the
real answer right I want to get fucked I
would I would wonder what it would like
to first of all be a maternal woman I
was I mean I'm really curious as to what
the the hormones feel like what it must
feel like cuz I don't think we you know
when you see a woman you try to
understand like what is what's the world
through her eyes right you know you're
never gonna feel the way she feels I'm
never gonna look at somebody else and be
like oh they can kill me right now all
the time you know yeah that too that's a
huge part but I mean even just
interfacing with the world through a
different type of human body a female
human body versus a male human body in
terms of like estrogen and the
testosterone ratio and how your maternal
instincts and oxytocin and always did
heightened sensitivity you know in
certain situations they have like
superpowers actually you describe it
that way they're making human yeah
humans in their body and they have to
like make sure that everyone's safe
around them because every now and then
men will murder them right yeah or yeah
or a bow exactly
Jesus crazy sorry ladies sorry yeah
would you really think about it it's
like what am relationship it's mad the
relationship between males and females
yeah mad that's why I always laugh at
dudes who get you know when guys get
Jack for their divorce money I was like
oh come on you're gonna be all right
yeah you know all the terrible things
that could go wrong right that's just
you just get Jack for some money I like
that perspective actually I kind of puts
it on perspective you're just like yeah
that's how many raped in kill Jesus you
get look people get into bad
relationship I mean I'm not happy that
someone ever gets into a bad
relationship but if you get in a bad
relationship and she's just a gold
digger and it's one we're oh god yeah
like I've had so many friends that have
been like yeah my fucking ex-wife she
wants more money I gotta go to court
like yeah but you can't be with your
murder player it's like you fucked up
shit in the Meritor
she didn't know him she know and she was
crazy would you murder raped
really yeah for sure you sure don't want
either one obviously if a guy rapes me
and I'm so alive then I get to murder
him oh you gotta think about that well
even get to murder
no I don't get I don't get murdered I
just get ripped okay I'll wait but
there's like this is that trauma with
that though you know yeah it'll be
trauma not gonna enjoy it
yeah it's gonna be terrible yeah but
it's better than being dead
okay I'm not saying it's good no but no
I all right
but for me you as a man as a human I get
to go have a great then murdered okay
sure there you go John wick after that a
hundred percent yeah just so everybody
fucking 100% rape me or I'll murder you
yeah
have a new goal in life but you gotta
say goodbye to everybody before you do
it how cuz you do doctor there Emily
you're like I say what yeah it's not
John wick John wick just drives home
yeah they arrest you but dude fuck - and
then you kill them and they go to you
media I go hey what happened I mean what
does the cop say just like dude he raped
me though you're just like yeah well
they're just law you can't order a guy
because he raped you Oh J says there are
rules so you can't you can't say yeah
I'm just over the world can't murder
make a shirt I wonder if like he would
sue you right because like there's
people that if you made a shirt like you
may say he made a Conor McGregor shirt
and you had some quotes on it you were
selling it he could like maybe sue you
if you keep his face off yeah or he come
to your house like a bunch of days like
take all his stuff back you have a
picture of OJ's face like lean ins that
selfie camera it just says hurry to the
world yeah I mean come on Twitter burst
by the way whatever name it what it was
it's OJ's world
it's a Twitter world he never even
fucking once he did that shirt would be
giant it's probably being made right now
there's nerds that are listening to us
right now that are going they're just
gonna hit pause right now yeah and make
whatever yeah you just made a go Jay
submerge hate Twitter world I was just
going to get that money the money I was
gonna go to abuse women good and waiters
waiters have been murdered by boyfriends
damn well that knife 200 personal they
never found that knife they never found
that knife yeah who had that knife I
mean damn oj damn oj p you know for he's
like 70 and like an ex-convict he looks
good was playing golf all day was it
it's all he does even like golf
Tom plays golf it looks great he seems
to have at least a slight struggle
with communicating right and walking he
seems like he's got a little slowness to
his voice
we're just forcing it you know I mean
which is probably CTE
oh is that CTE yeah but he sounds pretty
clear pretty clear pretty clear yeah
there's a there's a hint there's a hitch
you know you get it you see it in
fighters or just there's a you never
know because it might just be you're
tired right I'm thinking yes but there's
some days where I'm jet-lagged or tired
I'm just really stupid okay I don't talk
that good he also like you know he did
beat two murder cases that'll make you
loose you know Maddie's you know 70s
right isn't he yeah he's in a 70s but
still there's there's some fizzle
there's a struggle stretch slight
struggle to the way he's talking that
makes me think he's dealing with some
sparks oj simpson worried he has CTE i
have days that i can't find words yeah
100% the CT makes you murder people
right that's what I mean it could be I
mean is that what that would use that
today Oh Jay that's what his lawyer had
said not really one of his lawyers had
said that had OJ Simpson bail it was a
lawyer or was it a medical adviser me
medical advisor said I would bet my
Bennett license that he has to see to
you yeah but he was also saying that it
would have been a part of the defense
right it would have been part of the
crime had happened today I mean that's
what I'm saying right that's why but
Aaron Hernandez they were saying dude
with all of them yeah anybody when and
obviously you're in a super violent
sport - yeah most violent and then -
you're gonna you're gonna have a high
capacity for violence right yeah you
know I mean that it does and then on top
of that if you're your fucking wirings
it
yeah I've been smashed so many times and
they do get smashed and they're wiring
does go for some of them fighters and
haywire yeah they get a little haywire
Chris Benoit yeah that was terrible that
kind of shit is so terrifying
I could kill his family I mean and many
people that have experienced extreme CTE
have wound up when they committed
suicide donating their brain like saying
um you know like that one died dude
Junior junior seau he shot himself in
the chest
so that they could look at his brain
that's hard man that's hard I mean that
how many fights have you been in every
times you've been concussed I don't know
I don't know how many times I've been
concussed um I've never been knocked
unconscious but I got a tko'ed in a
kickboxing match the last fight I ever
had
I got cracked I had crack with a left
hook it was like it was one of the
weirdest times I've ever been hit
because I had been I definitely been hit
hard before but had never been hit where
my legs stopped working I just stopped
they just stopped like he hit me he
caught me like right at the tip of my
jaw with like a left hook that I didn't
see coming and my leg just went
whoopsies they just gave out they gave
out like they said it shut off there's a
nerve in here you're saying that's kind
of like you get hit and your jaw goes
sideways and your head twists and your
brain sloshes around in there yeah and
it's like a bolt of electricity it's
like it's like everything shuts off just
shuts off but I was still conscious but
I was like oh shit what is going on here
this is crazy and I was like all right
get back up your feet so the referee was
counting he got to eight or something
like that I got up to my feet they
dusted my gloves off and the kid came at
me again and hit me with an uppercut and
another punch and dropped me again then
they stopped a fight so I was never
unconscious but that was the worst I'd
ever been like beaten in a fight we're
just knuckle sandwiches the swords
flying but that was the last time I ever
fought but other than that there was a
lot of like training sessions where you
get kicked in the face or punched yeah
there's a lot of those yeah just just
happens most of the time you know if you
get hit full blast it's an accident can
you get tested for CTE is that I think
the test
there's no age they have tested a few
people while they're alive they have an
extra brain to find those stuff so they
have no hole in your brain yet to prove
to like have it under the nose you got
to die first
yeah the they like to do autopsies on
people with CTE and they crazy
atrophied brains right brain of an 85
year old
person with with Alzheimer's disease
it's really nuts man like their brains
are fucked up there's all these weird
proteins get developed from the
concussions yeah fuck like with like
that calcifies the brain or something
does horrible things he eats way
different parts of the brain there's
like these little dark spots and holes
Brett exactly sure what the mental
processes but the the medical process is
rather but they sounds like it does like
dead spots like your brains dead days
when they always just great they okay
former NFL player confirm his first
diagnosis of CTE and living patient yeah
we talked about this before everything
so they're able now to get some sort of
an accurate run out of what your brain
looks like and they can see the CTE
without having to open you up but I
think most of time it's when a person's
already dead maybe their their detection
methods are getting better listen if you
look at that brain go back to that real
that image when the guys poking at the
brain and he's looking at the x-rays or
the the MRIs look at look at this look
at that
just look at that thing the Hat which is
protected by a thin layer of bone is
where all of your fuckin thinking takes
place all of it
it's an organ and you get punched in the
face all of that is just but like
detaching from the walls all that
connective tissue what does that stuff
called that that that real weird stuff
that sits between what kind of
connective tissues that describe does
between the brain and the skull there's
like a specific name for it Oh like that
then later yeah
and that stuff gets ripped oh that's
yeah tears free and your fuck which one
you get hit you're saying yeah sometimes
people develop internal bleeding after
finds Jesus day yeah combat sports crazy
I mean it's your wait another guy just
died right another box or another box or
two boxers died in a very short period
of time yeah
some people think that they should
shorten fights now but they should make
them like eight rounds well cuz guys are
just bigger and faster strong
I mean just people just want to mitigate
the thing the damage right mitigate the
damage but anything if you did that in
the Highland level fights you'd miss
amazing fights right like Deontay Wilder
and Tyson Fury if that wasn't 12 rounds
when when Wilder knocked him down the
12th round and fewer dead we would have
missed one of the greatest moments in
the history of the sport I mean that was
an amazing moment man for two reasons
one is how fucking hard Deonte punches
yeah and to that Wilder who looked like
he was dead to the world rises up and
then out boxes him for the rest of round
survives survives Wilder chasing him
down and then out boxes him then even
tags Wilder has Wilder to covering up
that whole round doesn't take place if
you only fight ain't round cuz opposed
be a test of endurance to right not just
drinking power for sure yeah I mean
maybe if people were only fighting eight
rounds it would be worse because they
would go harder execs what I'm saying
yeah yeah and there'd be more fights
because yeah you exert all your energy
in the first three four three five
rounds
the only argument against that those
kickboxing cuz in kickboxing they've
always had less rounds like kickboxing
like a Muay Thai fight a lot of times
they'll fight three rounds or they'll
fight five rounds yeah but that I never
I mean come on I mean cuz that that's
yeah like that's what insane I mean you
talk about tree trunks hang somebody you
know what I mean so awful yeah that
should only be three to five I never got
in a charley horse like a really bad
yeah yes yeah I was like recently were
like my whole leg stopped I was like
this is possible I I didn't know was
possible
your whole legs stopped it from a
charley horse there's there's levels to
it but the worst I ever saw was Jose
Aldo fought Uriah Faber really and Jose
Aldo was one of the most vicious leg
kickers in the history of the sport
Oh God his leg kicks were insane what
year is this I had two seen this fight
2012 maybe something like one of
neighbors like what like fights for he
he's like these becoming big at that
point 2012
yes it was fighting for the title is for
the featherweight title I believe or the
WEC title boy I feel like that was like
ok this is what it was if I'm correct I
think it was I think I'm incorrect is
that uh is that in the WEC yes
it is so I think what this was was the
UFC and the WC had a pay-per-view but it
was just they did it wasn't quite the
UFC yet so I don't think they called it
anything I think they just called it
aldo vs favor and the UFC promoted it i
think that was how they got around
something over trying to do that is aldo
in his prime son that is that
combination right there is called the
duchy where they throw a left hook to
the body and a right leg kick but this
just showed you how goddamn tough you're
right favor is the impressive
performance for sure offensively
I mean Aldo was in his full prime it was
amazing huh but what's really impressive
is how Urijah Faber was able to endure I
mean it was how many rounds let's go it
went the full distance full five rounds
yeah what's that yeah then you see his
legs Oh fucking crazy man yeah when did
they start doing five round main events
for the UFC that wasn't early or they I
don't think rooted that I feel like I'm
remembering it's been this way for quite
a while so it's it's hard to remember
the exact year but they they didn't used
to 2011 oh this is like this decade 11
that's when they started going to five
rounds four main events UFC Dana White
says all you have seen might events to
become five rounds right but before that
championship fights where championship
fights always five rounds trying to go
back to the early early days at this
point five round fights have been
content or contests have been reserved
for title fights on yeah that's what I
said but when did they make them five
rounds for title fights you know when
did they decide that a title fights five
rounds and irregular fights three rounds
mm-hmm
what is that wonder if that was from the
beginning because you got to remember in
the beginning days they didn't even have
time limits really know what was just
you go into like somebody got us a lot
of fights where there's no time limits
that were terrible he just fought so
like somebody I tapped up yeah I like
that uh look especially in Japan
yeah like hoist Gracie had a fight with
Sakuraba that went like 90 minutes to
him yeah
why well in Japan they they didn't they
had a different way of looking at these
contests it would make crazy matchups
where there was you can't win by
decision you can only win by knockout
they would like Crow cop who's like one
of the greatest strikers in MMA ever
okay because he came from k1 kickboxing
he was big and Kaitlyn kickbox and then
made his way over to to Japan and
started fighting and pride and the first
time he fought he fought Wanderlei Silva
it was like a big day but they had a
special Rules match and the special
rules was if it went to a decision it
was a draw no matter what if no one got
knocked out it was a draw and if they
fought on the ground it can only be for
like 15 seconds okay like some crazy
rule so the best is just boxing in order
that's kick Martin I forget what the
amount of time was but there was a
limited amount of time where they could
fight on the ground yeah so I think it's
been bad it's crazy
yes cro cop had the balls to step into
MMA like really with very little real
MMA training mostly just as a kickboxer
yeah but then he started as his career
got further he got better and better at
stuff and takedowns but so Japan would
do that they would make like they would
make fights where one guy where's Iggy
the other guy doesn't they would make
fights with they made fights with Bob
Sapp it was like 370 pounds against the
guy was 200 pounds just sit on the guy
yeah smashes him smash they made a bunch
of like horrible mismatches yeah they
make miss they make Wanderlei Silva
fight someone who was just deathly
scared of them it was gonna get pummeled
into the ground and they did it just to
watch so you could watch Vandelay smash
somebody oh yeah they don't like circus
matches they had crazy fights man they
had crazy fights and you went over there
with the call to Fletcher just the one
oh no I only watched him here I've never
been in Japan to water fights other than
the UFC we did a UFC out there once yes
that was fun they're really really
polite are they yeah and between like
like while the action is happening
they're sitting there quiet and polite
like you don't hear a lot of like
screaming and crazy I didn't know that
yeah and then they get Lou they're very
they applaud like when things happen
they go for a broadcast it's interesting
yeah it's got a bad
but it is different yeah but like like
house like Tyson a Buster Douglas like
was that loud I wonder I wonder I don't
remember like all those fights over
there yeah you see like if it quiet mean
that would that seems like it sucks but
early on early on they were super
knowledgeable like early on in mixed
martial arts like if you watch fights
from Japan if somebody passed guard
everybody would cheer okay yes like
smart audience yeah they know exactly
what's going on okay they're well
educated and someone gets a mount just
start clapping and like this it's just a
different completely different kind of
reaction for the audience change it's
cool though it's like when you watch the
UFC events from Japan it's changing
they're becoming a little bit more used
to like being rowdy okay having a good
time but in the old days you could hear
the coroner's crystal clear the
quarantine I suppose yeah press down
with a butterfly down with the butterfly
look out for the right arm we have the
right arm okay keep that overhook keep
that over hook and you would hear that
like but he could hear it too everybody
hear it
so the guy who you're fighting is
hearing the advice again yeah oh wow
crystal clear because there's there's no
noise I mean that must make fights I
mean like yeah just long and boring cuz
they all know like you strategy now no
crazy just because someone knows you're
trying to get their arm doesn't mean not
gonna get their arm it's still crazy but
it's um it was really interesting
because you could hear everything you
hear about Vegas yeah Vegas is like
anybody screaming yeah well you know
what I find the the sometimes the most
enthusiastic crowds are the ones that
don't get the UFC there very often so
when it does get there they get fucking
super pumped right can't believe it's
there live you know like we're I mean
there's a lot of cities where we've gone
to like all Texas it always says wild
ass you guys yeah that make sense yeah
that's a good place for us but there's a
lot of cities that just don't get it all
the time Chicago whenever we're in
Chicago it's big yeah you've never been
in Chicago no oh yeah yeah go to Chicago
all the time there's a big drinking
times though fuck yeah yeah like I feel
I get any like fighters town a big drink
in town there's gonna be like doesn't
get yeah there's matter what it is
yes when we're talking about reparations
earlier yeah like that I don't think
they should give money to people money
that's no say it but what I think they
should do is definitely put money like
if you if you were a guy who was the
manager of a city let's look at that
let's look at the city like the city was
a store okay and you're the manager of
the store and but the the section over
near the cleaning products is everything
explodes all the time and it's fucking
dangerous and mops are falling and
you're like what we got you know this
everything's in order
cities good revenue looks good babe a
buddy bit the fuck are you talking about
you're the manager what are you doing
about this look at this spot yeah like
what oh no that's the cleaning products
I mean I don't know what to do about the
cleaning products they explode the mops
fall off the racks
I just wave my hands at it I'm good you
would never tolerate that no but a mayor
like that people did you get judge guy
who da yeah he could have all sorts of
chaos going on in his town while he's
out there campaigning for president
right yeah let me cast
nobody cares don't have to fix it you
don't have to fix it yeah be like well
how do you feel like that I mean I'm
saying it's an infrastructure problem so
how do you fix it I mean so you're
saying take what 15 percent or whatever
percentage from like all these big
corporations and they're like they
should be not even saying that right I'm
put up a little what I was saying though
if there was a direct line yeah I mean I
don't know if you even can't do this
anymore at this point in time but if
there was a direct way you could show
this is the amount of money that came
from slavery and they still rough I mean
yeah how are you finding that out though
I don't know
yeah there's no way because my way we
can't even trace like you know what I
don't know what but try what plantation
I was even at my family lineage is well
there was a bunch of Nazi money that
they change they traced they've traced
Nazi money they've definitely done that
they've definitely done that it's a
little more modern though I'm
installations you're saying from 16 or
15 or 14 till you know 1860 something
yeah we're dealing with like an 80 year
gap yeah it'd be hard but if there's a
clearly established business that used
to be a plantation
right you know also you know Jewish
people like that can't keep things in
account so like you can you can trace
that money but there was no here's an
unpopular thought this is this is what I
think I think
we should probably consider doing that
with definitely areas that were impacted
by slavery but then also areas that have
been impacted by economic crisis to like
not just the area's impact we have to
fix the bad spots in the country
all told yeah like . like we kind of fix
those people that live in west virginia
in the mountains yeah the fucking pill
people i mean any any transient poor
community yeah yeah but first like as a
general acknowledgement of like what
this country was founded on you got to
fix the areas that were fucked up by
slavery the idea that you shouldn't it's
like you aren't we on a team together
okay aren't we teaming america right
well team america would want all of its
members to be in good shape
yeah good state we want less losers yeah
right here's the way you get less losers
you provide more opportunity and you fix
the spots that are fucked up and there's
nothing that comes with education though
Joe I mean the illiteracy rate he's
crazy down there so you're saying idiots
you don't I mean but it's like it's no
no no I'm not saying yeah they're idiots
what I'm saying is they're stuck right
horrible place right right you're an
idiot if you don't want to fix that no I
get that I think it's just unpopular
like no like here's what everyone's say
we want to get out of Afghanistan and
provide free health care for everyone
yeah we think that education should be
free I'm gonna give you $1,000 a month
Yeah right but no one's saying are our
whole thing if we looked at it as an
ecosystem there's disease spots there's
lots where it's not going well sick it's
not doing well there's too much crime
there's too much pollution there's too
much environmental factors whatever that
whatever the factors are taking
advantage of communities all right those
whether it's environmental factors like
the water in Flint Michigan or whether
it is a crime-ridden streets of
Baltimore or Philly or where wherever it
is where it's bad but find spots where
it's bad those spots have to be
addressed but you don't just aggress it
with law enforcement you got to figure
out a plan to slowly reinvigorate those
spots
there's no severe poverty left I like
what you were saying earlier even about
the Italian cities how they do that the
momma pop thing you know they keep the
money in the community right they
haven't sold out to the to the
corporation's who were just like
draining those those you know those
communities right but the thing is it's
like so tourism based they kind of don't
have to because it's like this the
places where I'm going to is like I went
to the mall fee coast which is like
really popular for ISM and you know you
go to these places there's no incentive
because there's people there all the
time right I'm saying like there's no
incentive to give in to corporation
instead of like my parents having to go
to Costco maybe there's like a hardware
store down the street that you know has
like I was gonna go to Pete's cuz he's
got you know he's got cameras over here
so you keep the money in the community
yeah I kind of think we're like local
grocers that kind of thing you know like
oh hey I'm not gonna go to Bonjour
arouse I'm just gonna go to you know
Edna's because she's got you know the
cabbages I like yeah but but if you
don't have that then the only thing you
got is Target or Walgreens like he's got
a deal I'm saying but that's that's you
know that's there yes yeah that's those
poor communities I'm saying like they're
putting those there and they're just
draining those people just like you know
maybe amazing opportunities that no they
think they can thrive in like Italian
communities do yeah it's they also make
it financially almost impossible to
compete like that you can't sell things
as cheap as they can right they get
better deals if you have a mom-and-pop
shop and you're selling like shovels or
stuff like that the shuffles would be
like five dollars less and that's all
anybody cares about that that's a
problem yeah right well then how do you
build infrastructure then I mean I'm
saying sent device parents because like
that's gonna like you know help those
guys like maybe you know set up the
whole family figure out what do we need
to do about jr. here or you know little
little lady here and let para how we're
gonna make them better members of
society I like that idea yeah I mean I
think that if if we could figure out how
much they would get and where the money
would come from and if it did work it
would be insane yeah I mean you think
about how much money you have to spend
on the criminal justice system on health
care system from assaults and all sorts
of things when people go bad yeah and
what would you save
if by and through incentivizing
education and making sure that people
get compensated financially for
education so yeah
and then all sudden it starts booming
and then you have way less crime that
would be amazing
I'm saying bro I mean that that almost
feels like it's it's a no-brainer you
know I mean you can talk about
infrastructure that that's
infrastructure Hey Dude bunch run for
president that's an awesome idea
look I'm obviously a financial moron I
don't know if that would actually how
much that would cost but if it could be
done how much cost I mean like I hear it
keeps you know and they keep they keep
saying we need to have it but it's like
what does that mean is there an is that
an infrastructure thing or we just
giving people money you send it a weird
one because he keeps coming up yeah it's
like it comes up then it goes away and
that's like hey you know we never
fucking sorted this out I mean I'll tell
you this I remember on a guy was bully
hunter he put on sweater he but it's
been more he said white people if you
wanna give me reparations my bimbos okay
and he made like out of like a hundred
bucks and then we went on the road and
then yeah we all he bought us skittles
iced tea in Hennessey my price for money
let's just say you can't do that with
the community man do you ever see we're
in hotep Jesus walked in a Starbucks Oh
Ted he's a man in his reparation coffee
interesting character my podcast but the
he there was a Starbucks that got busted
for telling these young black guys that
they had to leave and it would became a
big deal where they developed a new
policy where they're never gonna just
tell people to leave and so the problem
with that was it like what about
homeless people now you got homeless
people inflected to hang around
Starbucks and the policy is they can't
even tell them to leave right but no
these didn't I guess black people -
people now Starbuck this story was
really it was big in the news that
Starbucks was racist and that they had
cake so Starbucks it was like
apologizing publicly so while that was
going on hotep Jesus like I'm gonna go
get some free coffee in the coffee he
goes I'm here i am i get my reparations
coffee I'm here to get coffee for free
cuz I heard y'all were racist and so the
lady's like yeah I heard that she could
pours him a cup of coffee she gives them
a cup of car I heard the lovely she
heard that there was something racist
going yeah socio free coffee to the
Silurian hotel Jesus it's hilarious
but it's um you know Starbucks you like
anybody can go in there now
yeah but it's all you know it's whatever
coffee you still your big coffee again
I'm not a big guy with MIT I'm a black
tea guy dude
yeah of coffee we got a new coffee from
on it called fuck yeah coffee I'm scared
to try it apparently did you see it you
see the bag have some I've tried it it's
fucking ridiculous but it's got caffeine
crystals in yeah I didn't know what that
meant how much caffeine does it have I
couldn't I just made a French press of
it so I couldn't tell were you off the
wall I I don't even think I think just
like we don't think half Ian affects me
like normal people does robot Jamie
takes edibles they don't do a damn thing
really do oh my god have you yeah
do not get into an edible eating contest
with Jamie yo that's that's a million
dollar idea
he's red boy you'll kill people he'll
he's a robot he just throws them down
they don't do a goddamn thing to him is
yeah what one out of 20 times maybe a
small factory yeah yeah but like a small
effect for like 500 milligrams thousand
two thousand yen video games and yeah
for hours later I was like alright I'm a
little tired
I'll stop you got ya you got like that
gene though there's like a gene that
actually let's go back to HIV there's a
gene that some like people have like you
can't get it yes there's some people
you're like that was their movie about
that where like they use a guy too cuz
he's got the one gene Oh what is that
goddamn movie I feel like I've seen it
recently oh I did okay here it is it's
called the man who shot Hitler and then
Bigfoot and I saw it recently it's a Sam
Elliot movie it says whoa okay and
actually wow it is an interesting movie
he came to HSN I enjoyed it I watched it
on a flight and I downloaded it I was
like what is this right what is the man
who shot Hitler and then Bigfoot but I'm
a big Sam Elliot fan and it got boosted
so I said okay I'll give it a shot it's
really interesting
okay I mean he I mean it's they're not
hiding it
he shot Bigfoot and then Hitler the man
who killed Hitler and then Bigfoot when
did this come out I don't know and he
can't get the thing was that he had a
very specific gene they brought him back
to service because after he'd killed
Hitler he's an older man but he had a
very specific gene that made him immune
to this disease that Bigfoot had and
that Bigfoot was sick and that his virus
was killing all the wildlife that was
anywhere near him and those in dead zone
around big when they were tracking him
and they had to have someone go in there
and kill Bigfoot so they bring in Sam
Elliott when he's like 70 years old coil
alert to go in kill Bigfoot it's fucking
cool
enjoyed it man I mean it's not it's not
you know 2001 a Space Odyssey but it's
fucking cool movie it's a definitely a
b-movie I mean do uh it's that Bigfoot
where this little shadow thing no they
see them pretty up house I mean maybe
they don't show it in the preview but
it's pretty up close it's gnarly I don't
want to say too much yeah don't yeah
completely much but he does kill he'll
wear yeah well killed Hitler and then
and then Bigfoot it says it in the title
people really want to kill Hitler that's
like a thing that movies are doing huh
yeah yeah you know I was watching a
video of Hitler tweaking mm-hmm Hitler's
on speed you know he did a lot speed
yeah he's not the 1936 Olympics and he's
sitting in the audience like this like I
was like for like apparently somebody
had taken it and sped it up and made it
unrealistic just to show like make it
look like he's really really really
tweaking yeah and then it was hard to
find for some people to find the actual
speed footage but this is this is the
actual speed footage they believe so
he's just rocking back and forth
tweaking Wow he does have crack hit
energy that's amazing percent tweaking
so I mean there's no way you rock like
that from that weekend he's like visu
where's his left hand what is happening
there he's touching his left hands got a
glove he's rubbing a gun on his dick go
back see that again replay please look
at this how weird is that man how weird
is it to see that guy go fullscreen so
he jerks off with his gun okay
masturbates in a way yes literally this
joke
about a gun but he's definitely got his
hand on his deck
he's like a a guy who's freaking out it
might mean might as well be a meth head
right let me see how they let this guy
like I mean look at him he's got
something he's touching his dick with
see it yeah exactly
it looks like his hands curled over it
doesn't like he's got something in his
hand
dude he's rubbing something on his
pecker you have a cane yeah always maybe
this can hold like oh yeah maybe is that
it yeah he's look go go towards the end
of it and we'll pause when you can see
the hand right next to his dick so weird
it's moving no watch watch when you see
his hand get that bar out of the bottom
there it is over-the-pants hand job look
it he's got something in his hand
and that's something in his hand is in
between his legs you said cane I mean
you might be my Google you said I mean
you're you were joking about the gun but
I mean could be could be I can't could
be a Ruger might be a gun I feel like
small cane now that I'm looking at it
but either way yeah he's definitely
rubbing his dick a he tramples on TV
just fucking trade relations fuck
Jeffrey Epstein fuck all these assholes
weekend just weekend could you imagine
he knows Jeff right Jeff Epstein
apparently knew him look uh apparently
they had a falling out over our mansion
and I was reading a story about it over
a moat like when he sold him oh no they
were both trying to buy some super
exclusive property that was like the
crown jewel on beach it was this six
acre mansion that overlooks the ocean
it's on the beach it's beautiful it's a
hell of a plantation for girls
well he's yeah well it's also one of
those things where like if you're in a
part of these communities there's
certain properties that are iconic and
to own them it would elevate your social
status here Trump bought the mansion
digital mobile boom so Alicia I like a
name to it the places off the charts if
you see if you see it on TV like you get
a is not it what is this other those
cans family
not having a famous walking stick haha I
thought you were showing Epstein and
Trump did it did avid Akane what was the
house Google the house the house that
they competed about Trump and him
competed over a house look at Nate
waterfalls it's really old I think 14
year olds in every room it's like if
someone was like a super billionaire
character I don't know think of name
some famous man it was the Hearst Castle
and Hearst Castle for sale there you all
be trying to get it Trump and Epstein's
friendship reportedly soured after they
fought over a 41 million dollar Palm
Beach mansion two weeks after the homes
auction cops received a tip about
underage women in Epstein's house yes I
oh shit
that was that was Candyland yeah let's
see if they have pictures of the place
that's like a Taj Mahal look at that
thing
yeah that's it yeah thanks gorgeous dude
it's dope as fuck
the images are insane that's it right
there click on that
look at that place so that you get it
they're fighting over who's got the
biggest dick on this if you own that
motherfucker you bought that place like
your king baller everybody wants to have
the party at your house right I mean so
I guess there's just a few of these type
of mansions down in Palm Beach but
there's a lot of them I mean there's a
you know I don't know what the number is
but there's a good solid number of them
I mean against TJ that's fucking
incredible it's sort of like like the
White House well it's sort of like those
houses in in Malibu like there's some
houses in Malibu you look at like
there's one crazy mansion overlooking
the sea and then another one next to it
like the I know let me I don't live
there either
oh sure they weren't mostly burnt to a
crisp okay it did sorry Point Dume air
it's crazy over it now is like just so
many houses charm on just charred yeah
but those houses that where the people
do live with that kind of of you I mean
it does are super super valuable and in
Florida and West Palm Beach
apparently look it's a super super
wealthy yeah yeah under 35 million
dollars I mean Robert and throw off a
million amazing Italian Renaissance tile
megohm
and in Palm Beach Florida if if you buy
that you're King cock you just swing and
dick all over come on in
by the way why did God make the dick
size
why why is that to make you work harder
really that's really the reason have you
just if you had a giant hog you just
waiting around waiting for girls to come
to you I'm say but he can make dicks all
the same size now there'd be no
competition no no no can't make years
the same size either sorry not noses not
eyebrows no your MIDI no eugenics okay
yeah you gotta work harder get a little
dick to figure out how to get by in this
world like you're God's brain and the
big dudes man they just don't have the
motivation to hardly ever get anything
done right they're just too busy
slinging dick that's you skirt around
them you pass them in the game take them
on the inside turn I didn't know that
that's what it is
alright I guess I don't even got again
look it doesn't make sense that there
are sloths okay why is that fair they
fucking hate it be big though
they fucking hate them all can jack by
Eagles you know that's fair is when the
main thing that eats use a bird and
you're a mammal how often does that
happen if you're not a mouse it's not a
few else in an owl
that's hilarious by the way I didn't
know yeah that the everybody talk should
was lost in the animal kingdom brow they
all talk shit on sloths yeah sloths move
slow so slow that mold grows on them
that's gross
it's crazy is it really that's how lazy
they are mm-hmm and they just can't be
any better they just move real slow
that's just what they do and mold grows
on them and mole that's gross yeah I was
at a Wildlife Sanctuary and like Sylmar
I think it is yeah take my kids there
and they got a sloth oh my god it's so
cute I'm like why is this thing moldy
and they're like oh it grows like moss
grows on it like that's like a tree like
look at that look at all that shit oh my
god moss growing on though because
they're so goddamn slow that plants can
grow on them I mean is that healthy I
mean it looks great but good works yeah
it's almost like camouflage yeah but
that one of the main things that eat
them
and is it love is this Eagle called fuck
what is it called harpy eagle yeah yeah
it's a giant eagle that lives in South
America that just fucks up slaw just
eats lost man sloth me and monkeys - it
eats monkeys - but look at that caring
sloth - ham I mean well yeah that's a
that's not a big sloth oh no it's a big
fuck it's a burger yeah yeah I mean look
at those thighs yeah dude that thing is
all power power and that's that I think
that's the biggest eagle yeah the harpy
I think that's the biggest eagle
I mean damn yeah that's majestic I mean
those are small sloth sleaze like baby
sloths that it eats know like full-grown
no eat a sloth sloth sloth anybody
whatever I mean this off can't really
defend itself oh my god army okay
pushing the armadillos body how crazy is
that how crazy is how it can crush the
armadillos body with its claws that's
one claw it's got it with one hand it's
one handing that thing an arm a human
arm oh right would tear your meat apart
we're so doughy man yeah we're so like
was so mushy it would just tear your arm
apart just clawing onto your arm like
that's why those dudes wear those crazy
arm sleeves yeah when they have a falcon
on their own right because it was just
yeah we're really easy to slice up yeah
we have no armor fucking thing with a
rabbit whoa look at its legs that
thing's badass it is a beast yeah it
doesn't look real that one's got a
little band on its old leg it's been
captured so they're either is that a
carving no that's real so they they
leave the oh they leave the the rabbit
there and it swoops in to get the rabbit
it's hard to see what the fuck it is get
all those water marks yeah so obnoxious
with the water marks I get it bro what
is that thing right there is that a fox
is about to eat yeah oh yeah it is
yeah they eat foxes fighting Hawks
because the Fox is fighting their ego
over a rabbit yeah Fox fighting over a
fox the yeah the Eagle stealing you only
eat the eat the Fox you
Graham sloth from tree oh is that is
that the sloth
want to see a video of it yes a video of
the sloth because it is kind of fucked
up one thing they do do though is they
pull they do do so you do have to say do
and then do again one thing they do as
well is they grab goats and fling them
off the side of cliffs you ever see that
no well that's hilarious they just sling
them off yeah they grab looks more real
but I don't know why do they do it yeah
that's real bro
that's probably real peace but there's
video of it they do it to kill them so
they could eat them okay I was gonna say
yeah all right that makes perfect sense
I was wondering why they're doing it
they're just assholes that would be
hilarious imperfect well that's what
cats do you know house cats yeah never
seen the numbers of how many animals
house cats kill per year you're kidding
it's in the billions
you're kidding b.b billion beheads kill
other animals by why just watch this
yeah well we'll show that right after
ruff this - look he's dragging the goat
off the cliff and then drops it to have
it smash against the bars look at that
oh and then it hits the ground and then
the eagle swoops down and starts eating
it
so it's like planning on throwing this
thing off it understands the
consequences it understands that that
thing can't fly so it's not just
grabbing it swooping down grabbing it
broke its neck it's throwing it into the
rocks yeah throwing it off the cliff so
he can eat it that's brilliant fucking
crazy it's brilliant what was the other
thing we were just talking about this
bird
oh those numbers okay the sheer numbers
of birds that house cats kill just house
cats just marrow out in the backyard
yeah just murder oh the murder okay okay
I heard her death just jump up and grab
birds
I had this cat her name a spaz mm-hmm
she was a fluff ball cap and she would
bring me these birds 1.4 billion there's
been a 3.7 billion birds in the
continental US each year
kill from 1.4 billion to his many 3.7
billion birds just Birds that's not mice
thats not squirrels just Birds just
Birds
I had a cat when I was growing up and he
killed a squirrel and was walking across
the street with it in his mouth it was
one of the weirdest things I've ever
seen
or just like just carried in his mouth
he just his name we Nick we called him
kitty mm-hm we were very unoriginal I
had a name for him that was like the
Black Panther in a Conan the Barbarian
book but everybody fucking hated me the
veto on it I never called him it they
just called him kitty so we eventually
just want to call him kitty
but anyway kill yourself or walking
across the street with a squirrel in
between his legs so he had the squirrel
by the mouth by its neck rather in his
mouth and he was walking with the
squirrel underneath them just dragging
it with it in between his legs and was
almost as big as him that's nuts I'm
looking at doesn't mind what a creepy
little thing I deal with because
squirrels have like plague don't they
know yeah it's like that squirrel plague
let's go play black plague right wait a
minute no squirrels yeah this was like
this this is the last decade I think
even like maybe even this decade it's
the squirrel plague yeah there's like a
black plague for squirrels really yeah
dude well I know there was a couple I
think it was a man and a woman right
here we go whoa there we go
plague-infested squirrel caused the
closure of a California campground this
week after it was found during a routine
trapping Los Angeles County health
officials confirmed actually don't ever
touch dead squirrels who veronik play
banach play holy shit I think there was
I think that's what those people got
that ate that Marmot liver uh-uh
there was some people that got sick and
died from the plague really recently
like within the last couple of months
mm-hmm because they had eaten a raw
Marmot liver a Marmot is like some kind
of a rodent they had killed this Marmot
and ate its liver and this is here in
the States
mm-hmm it was in Mongolia I thought was
in America it's Mongolian couple died
right but they didn't die doing it in
America
thank God hey to make sure that they
didn't come here and get it but this
says I thought it I thought the story
was they died over here and like they
had come over here and try to reenact
some sort of a ritualistic meal oh where
they eat this raw liver mm-hmm and they
ate this raw liver and got the plague
son does it say where it happened okay
yeah it's like certain countries in
Africa to those like you can like eat
human right like like cannibal like uh
legally mm-hmm I love his legal I know
there was like a story I read under
something like that about uh these like
places in like Africa you can like eat
Hume at this ultimate just don't or talk
it really is I know no I read about it I
be read well do you remember the I don't
know if you're saw this the Vice piece
on Liberia I think yeah vice guide to
travel Liberia weren't they were saying
this guy who was his name was general
butt naked and general butt naked he'd
become a preacher later in life when he
was younger but naked yeah when he was
young he would go to war totally naked
mm-hmm and he would shoot people oh that
was indecent no nation was it yeah
usually beasts the no nation now okay
it's with the aegis Elba he plays like a
Idi Amin or a um what's that thing
called Kony whatever was anyway he's got
these child soldiers basically and yeah
they just go for my tribe to tribe and
just killed and they just genocide hmm
it's got much truck how about that
whatever happened with that yeah Kony
remember that I think he's still like a
warlord but you remember how it was like
this gigantic movement it was this big
thing that everybody was talking about
it and then this one guy in San Diego
that was reward of starting in he wound
up being naked wandering around the
street masturbating in front of people
and some crazy that made him like a
credible did I make that up he was just
along those lines right he he basically
had a schizophrenic break or a psychotic
break ER I'm not a doctor
someone yeah that's the cat yeah they
caught him tripod in that but I think
you're talk about the same guy like when
he went to war like a child soldier yeah
he was butt-naked the thing is a
different guy because
guy his name literally was general butt
naked but I think there's a bunch of him
that did that but anyway on the Liberia
show he said that he busted these street
cart guys selling human meat and he said
he knew because he knew it meat tastes
like because he'd eaten it what the
fuck's that he knew that it was human
meat he knew it wasn't at work he knew
it wasn't beef Liberia is crazy by the
way bro
I mean like they stay selfs no they have
slaves out there imagine the the gall of
going to the cops and saying that man is
selling human meat well how do you know
I cuz I've eaten it I mean fuck fuck
would you eat human it depends on what
you have to do to stay alive
right right like where are you what's
that like if you're in that movie alive
when they're scooping okay broken spoon
yeah like Donner Pass or something like
yeah yeah yeah what are you gonna do but
then the I'm saying like as a foodie
like you know you go to like a
restaurant as a food I'm saying like if
they cook it up nice you know I mean you
get some Tabasco
you finally ting a dude's foot oh you
got foot soup uh or dick soup oh yeah a
dick burger well there was one guy okay
there's another there was one guy story
there was one guy that I had read about
where online he requested that someone
kill him and eat him damn this is death
wish yeah and I think was in Germany so
they met together and got together with
a guy the guy cut his dick off and they
cooked it and they ate it together he
ate part of his dick and then the guy
wound up killing him and away so this
guy was alive and they cooked an ate his
dick mm-hmm okay they ate his dick
together they did they did it together
it was German it was it was this guy's
idea he requested it okay I'm like
Craigslist or one of those things let's
cut my dick off and then we're gonna eat
it and then you're gonna kill me and he
wanted he wanted to go to eat him too
I think I did eat some of them but there
was a question as to whether or not the
person's a lot to eat how do you how do
you prosecute that what do you do like
if someone said I want you to cut my
dick off and you cut their dick off I
want to cook it knead it and then you
both cook it needed I want you to kill
me and eat me
okay and the guy kills me eats I'm like
what is that yeah a regular murder
I think I'm reading the same story that
manslaughter filmed it
oh they filmed it yeah yeah they filmed
it of like him cutting his dick up in
the eating it
yeah I think they filmed the whole
murder what's the threshold oh so it's
like a snuff film yeah yeah but the guy
requested it that's gnarly
yeah is that pull it up so we can we
could read it this one from 2003 that's
right yeah yeah that's that's the one
yeah yep from my live body Wow
see yeah he posted a personal ad saying
seeking well-built man 18 to 30 years
old for slaughter well for slaughter he
what I offer myself to you and we'll let
you dine from my live body not butchery
dining whoever really all caps wants to
do it will need a real all caps victim
all caps mm exclamation point
the two started swapping increasingly
explicit emails and on March 9th 2001
Braden took a day off work never to
return he sold everything he owned
including his treasured sports car mmm
wiped his computer harddrive and bought
a one-way ticket to castle near
Frankfurt uh-huh Armin met him off the
train they bought painkillers at a
chemical shop LA and headed back to the
house that first Brandis got cold feet
wanted returned to Berlin Muse said but
he reconsidered swallowed painkillers
and medication to make him sleepy he
said now do it
Mew set the video camera rolling and
went to work with a kitchen knife Wow we
went into the bedroom honey say some bad
news the bathroom hey say his name's
Muse and the muse muse told the police
brain is lay in the bath so the blood to
flow away and Brenda slowly began to
lose consciousness Muse passed the time
reading a star track the novel when the
berliner finally passed out Muse cut his
throat
now this is zoomed over a number he was
consumed over a number of months
thirty kilos of flesh he had put in his
freezer used when on the internet in
search of a new victim oh so he became
like a taste frustrated that he could
only find people looking for cannibal
role plays music an boasting about
Brandes someone from the chat room
informed the federal police who swooped
in on Armin Meiwes house in December
10th last surprising the coy cannibal
then startling the unsuspecting
neighbors now that's that uh sociopaths
Psychopaths think you were saying
earlier yeah because are you a
psychopath are you a sociopath that
point I mean how do you not feel empathy
even for a guy who's telling you to kill
you but you're just looking you know to
kill somebody because you have a taste
for blood now it became his living right
yeah I bet whatever he did during the
day was boring and I bet that as
psychotic as it is was exciting mm-hmm
and then he became a serial killer
chasing that that feeling yeah what is
it Jamie what's the matter oh I found a
website that had seven or something
interesting facts about this guy this is
the first one he sauteed and ate the
penis with his victim yeah that was the
story right yeah yeah they cooked it
together sauteed it Wow look at that
image that's not really what does it say
like what how they sauteed the penis too
chewy for them either of them to enjoy
so they proceeded to fry it up with some
of his flesh and fat and a bit of garlic
that's not that's I guess it's like
you're worried about the end right and
then you just say I'm gonna take control
I'm gonna bring the end on and here it
is like we're eating my dick this is
over this rock we're eating my yeah this
is not gonna last
eat my dick and then he goes into the
tub to die out from warm water with this
dick hole bleeding out mmm just really
insane stuff I mean that's really yeah I
mean to live through that by the way
well you got to think that there's it's
just such a wide range of crazy people
right and there's some crazy people like
that they want to be eaten and some
crazy people want to eat
and if they find each other now that's
that's the beauty of the internet you
can do that now you couldn't do that
back and you know the Donner era or even
the the 90s of them presenting soccer
team ate each other how long do you
think that guy could could have kept it
together if he just ate that one dude
before he could find another guy that
will let him eat them and write if that
was his thing would I stop surpress
himself right exactly what do you know
would he go Dexter you go clean and
that's what I'm saying like that
peaceful yeah that shit's fucking
terrifying I mean the I mean just to
just to go there kill the guy read a
Star Trek novel by the way why the guy's
bleeding out in the top yeah after you
ate his dick that's some psycho guys
shit there are pictures of this online
oh no no don't do this
what I don't want to see ya
I was like don't do this whatever you're
gonna do don't do this it said yours I
didn't seek therapy after they watched
the video oh of course they did you
imagine being a juror and they forced
you to watch that video yeah I don't
wanna see anybody yeah I don't see me
today
and you're the only ones watching it
right because you got to think that yeah
it's not like they're broadcasting on
television I mean on fear of fact you
guys did it like a it was always like
the big thing of like eating somebody's
penis right or something one time daddy
eat dicks alright yeah they're like bull
dick dyrdek big dick or something like
that I forget what the dick car but it
was a bunch of different kinds of dicks
no you a new dick it's just something
something so strange I had a bit about
it that like never in my life did I
think that I'd be standing in front of a
girl with a plate full of animal dicks
going you can do it hang in there keep
going keep going
uh he's you're just you control your
mind control your mind coaching them
through it nice they're eating a eating
pig penis redic but it's like you can't
it's not legal to kill yourself it's
illegal mm-hmm suicide is illegal and
it's not legal to eat people and even if
someone tells you to kill them and eat
them
you're not allowed to even injure me
like even like that's assisted suicide
right technically you have cannibalism
to grow we don't allow that no sleep you
manatee she doesn't allow that really
yes there's some tribes there's a few
tribes still practice right ISM
particularly I guess I was reading I'm
just not interested in lightness letting
look like what a human tastes like well
it's probably not good right yeah yeah
we love trash cannibalism there's no
laws against cannibalism per se but in
most if not all states different for
enacted laws that indirectly make it
impossible to legally obtain and consume
the body matter when you put it that way
yeah doesn't sound too appetizing if you
can get it the body matters somehow wait
a minute wasn't there a show on CNN or
one of their guys they they wanted him
to eat charred flesh like he was
examining different religions do you
remember something along these lines
there was like some outrageous thing
it's like Gupta so Jared Lee oh no I
don't think it was Sanjay Gupta someone
else but there was they were he visited
all of these different religions and
people that live their lives and
different weird ways and wonderful I
know the show you're talking about yeah
I don't remember that episode yeah
you're right it wasn't Gupta it was a
another correspondent he eventually got
fired for CNN for saying something about
Trump which is hilarious sparks outrage
after eating human brain in new show it
takes like charcoal see the problem with
that too by eating a human brain is that
I mean maybe these cults or these tribes
or whatever is involved with does do
that mm-hmm if the brain has prions
prions are what gives you mad cow
disease
oh really yeah you can yeah you can get
sick from that and die
yucks felled CREP what does that name
the vent Jake Chuck Jakob Jakob crux
fell disease okay and it's it's
basically mad cow disease and you get it
from prions get it from brain tissue so
any it takes they survive like thousands
of degrees
yeah crux Feld Jakob disease that's it
okay so the most rare degenerative fatal
brain disorder and affects about one
person so some people get it without
cannibalism but it also does happen see
one person every million worldwide the
United States are about 3 into 50 cases
per year crazy so must be like really
charred then it doesn't matter I don't
think really yeah I don't think it does
I still he's still alive yeah but he
might not have had the prions of someone
who has a disease okay but if he's if
that person did that's why it like it
has to be the temperature that it has to
be cooked at its supposed to be insane I
think prions can survive like more than
a thousand degrees for a long period of
time okay that's one of the fears of
like mad cow disease like you really are
not going to be able to cook it well
enough to that shit from getting in your
bloodstream oh yeah
look see Google how long Jimmy or Google
often change a lot of flesh talk today
yeah how well looking up stuff what
temperature do prion survive in because
I think it's more than a thousand
degrees and they can still survive which
I remember reading that going oh this is
terrible mad cow disease zombies zombies
yeah exactly
depends I mean I mean you hunt your food
so you're not worried about the yeah but
you should be worried because this thing
called chronic wasting disease and
chronic wasting disease is essentially a
form of like mad cow disease like very
sort of a degenerative disease that
affects deer that it's affecting an
increasing number of them they're
spreading across the country know now it
hasn't made the jump to humans yet okay
but it could you can't deer the poor man
and cannot be destroyed by boiling
alcohol acids standard autoclaving
methods or a bit more radiation that's
um so they're like roaches they'll
survive everything well you know what
they are they're gods poison okay when
gods like enough like no fire no flames
no ice no water
fixing this yeah this is coming in hot
yeah and this is the you can't the ions
are forever teens are in the heart to
kill Hall of Fame or maybe more common
than we realize
see this is what I'm talking about so
these things this is what affects people
who when they get mad cow disease and
this is also what it affects cannibals
mmm crux felled yucca poor yucca
Brooksville you get it the first way
good crocks feldy okay crocks failed
Jakob disease but it affects cannibals
they found out that cannibals in New
Zealand New Guinea the animals in New
Guinea exhibited the same sort of
symptoms as people with spelled Jakob
disease Oh Google that Jam you know
fuckin he pick animals cannibals that
get crux felled Jakob disease those poor
cannibals while they're eating brain
matter that's what it is yeah just yeah
just eat the flesh fries as well as eat
the booty yes only only pork but they
evolved their resistance to it because
there's so much oh my god Wow
cannibalism and one Papa New Guinea
tribe led to the spread of a fatal brain
disease called kuru that caused a
devastating epidemic in the group but
now some members of the tribe carry a
gene that appears to protect against
kuru as well as other so-called prion
diseases such as mad cow so they along
they evolved that generation Wow like a
super like a super bud fuckin life finds
a way man into E boy loves away and
wonder how long it's gonna take before
we're physically addicted to phones to
the point where you needed to stay alive
I mean like you need warm clothes mm-hmm
right you know in a cold environment you
need a warm house how long before you
need a phone like here's the thing the
phone's gonna help you okay everything
better but I need it so it's like yeah
it's almost like I like a heart monitor
like I need this you have to have it Wow
ah
I think generations old and I can access
point to the internet instead of a phone
the way to access that don't call it a
phone called an electron
so I mean will neural the phone is only
what the access to the matrix which is
the internet and that things not real
you know unless you live inside of it
it's not really yet know I'm strong you
in though how often use your phone
everyday I mean obviously yeah Wow
obviously yeah yeah yeah but it just
gives in yeah yeah I'm using on it yeah
I'm not saying I'm above it I'm just
saying it's and I'm not even sure why
they sometimes I'm searching Google News
just to see if something's interesting
yeah what do you got nothing in politics
nothing nothing nothing how about side
give me some science come on what do you
got for me just constantly instead of
thinking about what I'm doing constantly
searching for some new data it's weird
right it's I mean it's happening a lot
yeah I mean yeah we can't get rid of it
no I'm here talking but these are the
like this generation of kids like this
is the two girls one cup generation you
know I mean like they get to see it at
like five years old on their phone right
that's that's got to change
so I think when you're saying that's
gonna take generations I mean it could
be what a few generations removed from
like where they you just you don't know
any better if you don't have a phone wow
so we beat the face as a death
generation because I got parents
probably ever saw it shit but we
definitely did they saw in the war son
they saw they saw in person we saw it on
tape you were there man the first
bitch-ass generation I mean look I mean
my generation yeah we're definitely the
chasis well when you go back to like
World War two it everybody was signing
up right right knows everything yeah
people just signed up for the war but
then they got around to Vietnam I was
like what yeah well while we were there
how could we do it yeah they manipulated
that war though so that was their world
war two you IQ you know Pearl Harbor
happen you know there's no Pearl Harbor
that happen for Vietnam even 9/11 like
you know like the guys who signed up to
go you know quote-unquote fight those
terrorists you know this faction of
dudes like how many guys came back from
war world World War two with horrific
memories right remember Sam Ryan yeah
that was one of the best depictions of
historical event and to put it into like
real perspective what it probably was
like when those guys are getting gunned
down on the beach yeah you thought you
were yeah
you didn't know if we're gonna be you or
not yeah
it's also whoa this is real as fuck and
then imagine leaving then coming back
and like you just had to be normal
yeah cuz most movies that we saw about
war like go back to like John Wayne
movies about war they were never gory is
like bang hold the stomach you didn't
see anything and then later even in
movies like Apocalypse Now I mean
they're still wild it still gave you
this feeling of war but there was never
anywhere near the gore of that scene in
Saving Private Ryan
you see people with their legs blown off
and their guts hanging out you're like
holy shit that's war that's what a war
that's war if we never saw that you
never see that unless you're there in
the war or unless you're watching a
movie like that because the movies that
whitewash it they give it this feeling
of like yeah I think what they're
exposed to as far as their entertainment
in the 1940s and then boom you're there
and you're seeing real war I mean
they'll fucking they'll scare you
straight like why would you want to go
fighting that they were scared the
Germans taking over the world they said
the world from the Nazis that's one of
those rare they're able to put it save
the world from the nuts it's rare wars
where it's not that it's not that sloppy
it's a pretty clear right you got a real
these guys are yeah they're evil right
wire you've a legitimate evil empire
that's killing people they killed six
million Jews yeah or whatever the number
is what is the number they always they I
said five million one time is some of
you correct they always correct it's
always six million whenever the number
it's some insane number of millions of
people were killed by this one group of
humans
genocide and and there was some
something that history and pictures are
one of the one of the Twitter accounts i
retweeted a few days ago that had they
showed all these SS officers laughing
and with like kids in their laps and the
caption was something to the effect of
don't ever think that the people that
you think of as monsters are not human
like humans are k
people regularly capable of horrific
monstrous behavior if they all agree to
it and so it showed these SS officers
and they just look so normal and
laughing and hahaha meanwhile there's
these Jewish skeleton people in there in
a cage just a few yards over
well that would uh I think what a
cabaret is about kind of right I was
watching that of the movies on CNN yeah
they're kind of saying like cabaret is
like it's it's showing how like like all
these funny like nice people and they
just be there not sees I didn't see that
movie in that movie I forget who's
anybody knows like a musical Eisenmann
there we go wow I never saw it it was
really all about yeah I didn't know that
either i watch that I've learned about
it through Tom Hanks's the movies on CNN
well you've obviously never seen the man
who killed Hitler and then Bigfoot is my
guy you understand why the Nazis are so
bad
yeah it's we haven't had you know you're
right we haven't had somebody's evil as
the Nazis right right but they tried to
make guys like that you know you know
Kong Saddam Hussein bin Laden but that
one was clear-cut like yeah that was oh
Jesus let's go get Hitler gonna stop
this yeah this motherfucker
when you see him scream in front of the
crowd like yeah why would you follow
that they're all high on fucking
methamphetamines aren't they though
let's say yes eat dead Nazis he was
tripping any of him he's definitely
tripping yeah he was rubbing his cane on
his dick this weekend but a whole
country's into that they're just like
yeah this is our guy we're gonna do
whatever he says yep yeah they didn't
even know yeah they didn't even know
like what it meant to have someone like
him run a country back then how drugs
like pervitin and cocaine-fueled the
Nazis rise and fall Wow
despite Hitler's anti-drug rhetoric Nazi
Germany used a little courage pill
called pervitin to take Europe by storm
and it turns out it was pure
methamphetamine why is pervitin
methamphetamine hydrochloride who made
that
it looks like the fucking Germans did
because it's yeah I know I'm saying like
who like what company what companies
making perfect in some Nazi company okay
so they were just giving out everybody
math yeah head of messed up country
that'll kill six million Jews yeah okay
it says still couldn't dick ditch an
access power meeting so Hitler's
personal physician injected the Fuhrer
with a drug called yuca doll think
oxycodone combined with cocaine to perk
him up so physician took a significant
risk in doing so after all
Hitler was prone to latching on to
addictive substances and refusing to let
go but in this case the injection seemed
warranted Hitler was doubled over with
violent spastic constipation refusing to
speak to anyone immediately after the
first injection and despite his doctors
wishes a revived Hitler ordered another
injection Hitler then left for the
meeting with the gussto of a soldier
half his age okay so it was like yeah he
was messed up man yeah that was taking
like super pills or whatever he's faking
liquid cocaine and meth and oxycodone
Hitler reportedly spoke for several
hours without stopping yeah at the
meeting with Mussolini Hitler reportedly
spoke for several hours without stopping
the Italian dictator who sat massaging
his own back dabbing his forehead with a
handkerchief and sighing had hoped to
convince Hitler to let Italy drop out of
the war he never got the chance
the wording as well my god so he
imagined being poor Mussolini you're
over there talking to Hitler he's method
out of his fucking mind and you're
trying to tell him look Italian we don't
want to go to war we want to back out of
this would like to just uh kick it back
we you know we hope for the best
and Hitler comes over all messed up have
you heard where else we curse yes okay
here it says Jamie's trying to show us
this this is what he won't let it go
yeah this is what one episode made
Hitler's all's daily drug use which
included barbiturates
hey old school bull semen bull semen
bull semen testosterone opiates
stimulants such as pervert in a courage
pill so he was taking meth isn't bull
seem like taurine or whatever pulls
semen story okay like sounds like it
would be yeah like red bulls like it's
supposed to be like something is
supposed to be like small bulges yeah
bulges yeah take that red bull yes again
some serious don't I've heard Tory am i
right
is he right taurine is bull semen oh my
god bro is here yo greedy and I think
monster Rockstar and other energy is an
organic molecule not an amino acid for
named for the Latin Taurus which means
ox or bold because originally taurine
was extracted from Bulls red bull semen
so originally taurine was extracted that
way but it is an ingredient in bull
semen okay so the taurine and red bull
probably doesn't come from bull semen
but taurine is in bull semen okay
so Hitler was getting his taurine right
from the tap the best way is to suck up
on the dirt you get it from the tap when
it is fresh the 700 pounds more potent
the furious just gets down there they
they hold the ball back with straps and
buckles it's kicking and Hitler gets his
sloppy Nazi mouth right over that fat oh
and that is apparently the origin of
that upper lip mustache catch all the
succulent drops when he's choking on
jizz flavor savor and that giant bull
dick is pummeling the back of his throat
and uh fills it up that when he comes
out of his nose because a lot of the
jizz comes out of his nose that's just
enough mustache to catch the jizz so
that's why he had that mustache a lot of
people don't know I believe that many
people have a guy I mean like numbers
just all ever just cracked out it's a
perfect kiss catching mustache oh if you
think about it if it's coming out of
your nose which it does do right like
milk does hey bro right you know you
coughed when you drink it it comes out
of your nose so steam is coming out of
your nose as Hemans coming on you know
it he's just he's catching it
savoring it no you're saying I mean I'm
just saying how many people were in
Germany at that time how many people
were in millions were SS soldiers on one
day that's a good question right how
many people actually joined yeah well I
think you had to be a part of it right
right otherwise who the Hitler Youth as
well yeah it was a whole yeah the whole
society was that here's all yeah it
became Nazi Germany National Socialist
what is it it was the actual what is
Nazi actually stand for I mean didn't
shut up for seven hours dude National
Socialism I guess that's a National
Socialist German Workers Party is what
it wasn't well so they were socialists
now imagine poor Mussolini then he
killed more people I don't know how many
he killed how many Mussolini Stalin
didn't he killed him oh he killed him oh
yeah he's yeah he's like he's cookies
Kareem abdul-jabbar of mass he's got the
voice record dick man how do you when
you're a person like that you didn't
used to be a Stalin Yeah right you were
just a person then Austin you're in
position of power and then all of a
sudden you're responsible for the death
of untold millions of people oh yeah
almost tens so Mao is the most by a long
shot
okay look at now it's Hitler and then
Stalin 17 yeah no Mussolini on the list
okay but Mao that mile was like 400
million right okay go Google Mao might
have been responsible for 400 million
because there was an article I was
reading really four hundred million
people that's that's a revised the
amount of people that they think or were
dead directly because of Mao okay also I
getting direct authority directly killed
100 people some insane number of people
were killed during Mao's reign what are
they saying
that's great there was a place called
mouths kitchen five million maybe maybe
I added a zero to it leap forward maybe
I added a zero most likely so forty five
million and the other ones had seventy
so the eight so it's between 45 and
whatever the other number is but doubt
so he's number one with a bullet
he's the guy responsible for the most
deaths during his time again though
there was a there was a kitchen there
was a restaurant here in Los Angeles
called Mouse kitchen Jesus that's
disrespectful as fuck Tyson has Mao on
his arm Oh does all I mean you know he
wants to kill people
why was in when I was in jail I think to
probably read some philosophy from now I
mean yeah those guys I mean those guys
right think they write good books
well my Kampf is uh it's pretty good oh
is it did you read it and write in
English uh be allowed to read it now
like when you read it you're probably
like if you brought I don't think you
can buy it today but he tried to buy
mine off on your Kindle if you're like
sales stuff it's like it's a little it's
just like talking about the sale I mean
it's obviously talking about you know
killing Jews but I'm talking about the
sale of it's just it's talking about how
they can overcome and it's like his
struggle is basically just it so it is a
propaganda book but it's like it's from
a sales perspective you're just like I
see where he's coming from not saying
that I'm condoning it but I'm saying
you're like okay there's so much passion
in it mmm the only man like a moment
it's like memoir so he's selling to the
people that they can overcome the
economic situation he's in and they
could rise yes and if you tried to buy
that today to read it yeah people
assumed I was young I read about the one
kid I would think it was on Amazon but
come on son you know you're on a list
you I am no I read in the library if you
buy it today right yeah first you might
better a flag you're on a list now oh
yeah for sure if you buy it Dukes of
Hazzard DVD set you're on the list if
it's one on the cover the one with the
generally leaping over the fucking
canyon with the Confederate flag flag
clearly book that I think it was the
maybe the one you talked about a lot but
I remember in the 98 nineties you people
were saying if you went to the bookstore
to buy this book you're on a list and
you had to go buy with cash and like
wear a hoodie and cover your face stupid
rumors yeah what was the book I think it
was the cross book that you've talked
about the sacred cross sir
oh the sacred mushroom in the cross was
it really that's the one I would heard
of it could I'm that my rumor might get
passed around yeah do you remember a
Course in Miracles
of course in miracles' is a book that
was going around I want to say in the
early early 90s there was a bunch of
people that were telling you to read
some book by this couple and they were
channeling and angel wrote this book and
yeah it's one of those books were like I
don't know if it was any good because
everybody that recommended it was so
annoying Pray Love or was that the other
one the the secret Lois extremely
spiritual air quotes okay and it was all
about how to live and it might have been
it might be an amazing book but I
remember everybody that wanted to
recommend it I always had leg up alright
that might yeah and I was a young man at
the time and I was very dismissive about
a lot of things I wouldn't be dismissive
of today but that I remember it was like
one of those books where annoying people
loved it you've gotta read this book
right there yeah it's like this book
transformed me it's a gift I'm giving
you this book because I want you to read
it and it's gonna transform you Wow see
me give my love to you maybe I'm reading
a book about someone who said they were
channeling an angel and that's nonsense
all right about that I'm a how about I
have to think about the fact it's a
nonsense person on a website for it
foundation for inner peace look at look
at the light oh it looks like the
Dianetics yeah it's very cold ish but is
the what's the origin of it is it does
it am i correct did it come from someone
who like channeled an angel or so I'm
sure like that you know that the idea
well let's Google what is the origin
containing curriculum aiming at
assisting readers and achieving
spiritual transformation am i conflating
this with some other book we were
talking about in color someone was
almost the same but where someone said
that like someone wrote it for them that
it was like written as they were
channeling oh really
like Oh Oprah to talk about it in 1982
did they say that and why am I making
this up
two quick so listen Oprah's Book Club
son Johnny Carson - awesome Wow
split got around 90 Bribie I don't think
gonna follow it and find it from there
just Google what is the origin story for
a course of miracles of course in
miracles' but it was one of those books
where you'd like if you were dating a
yoga teacher
boomer house you write a coffee table on
your way to the vegan restaurant let's
go
how makes you think like if the Nazis do
win that does become like the coffee
book my comp yeah you know if the Nazis
wants super inspirational an inner voice
she identified as Jesus began
interacting with her and acted as a
stimulus triggering us our experiences
that were understood dirt to her as that
and that's what you so the same goes the
Mormon Bible said the same math yeah
yeah so it's that's what it is so I'm
correct so it's like a Bible well it's
like one of those things like maybe that
happened right maybe that happen I mean
sold some books maybe you're crazy
yeah we're maybe you're out of your
fucking mind and you want people to
think that you're special
so you wrote these rules on how people
should live and they're pretty good
they're resonate well it makes sense cuz
you're not so much the original bible -
yeah yeah % crazy but this is good
structure where we assume that if
someone tells a crazy story like that
they're a hundred percent crazy right
I got any good ideas like you could be a
fuckin crazy person with a couple good
ideas mm-hmm like - fuckin crazy but I'm
telling you they said JK Rowling was
crazy oh she's gotta be crazy you know
so this she's getting a lot of shit
right there are little boys yeah it's
are you writing about yeah little boys
and magic magic you could be a little
girl if he with those little boys
everyone to be happy and happy and happy
like you can be a woman and do that
right you can be a dude and do that
because then you're like yeah dude
writing about little boys yeah not good
that's definitely that's a flex I'm able
to get away with it right mm-hmm dr.
Seuss I was going
about like Huckleberry Finn and those
boys I thought that you're gonna snort
that I was like oh well this this meth
talked mushroom elixir oh you want some
it's gonna do to me like me lion's mane
juice me up no no it's good for the
brain no perfect it doesn't taste bad
either thank you
why is that actual lines man yeah lines
me a mushroom not lions like a lion lion
right well it's a mushroom just drink it
all the time and I feel like I'd be rude
if I don't want to do something so I was
incorrect something you asked me earlier
UFC 21 was when that changed there was a
significant role change and they joined
out at the Council of mixed martial arts
commission yeah you know c21
prelim bouts it had two rounds there
were only five minutes then three
five-minute rounds and championship
rounds to change the five minutes they
also that's when they added a 10-point
must system so premium rounds were two
rounds championship rounds were three
chamber tips were five yeah everything
else was three Oh before that cuz there
were so before that it was two though
you said but this was also pre Dana and
prefect ITA's so they were still mixed
like the Gracie stuff they were doing it
so they just had five minute rounds
until the thing was over unlimited five
minute rounds that's right I remember
that shit that was that was madness but
it wasn't as bad in terms of badness as
the Japanese ones the Japanese ones were
fucking crazy they did so many nutty
things yeah they had so many like crazy
freak shows and they still do have this
lady named Gabby Garcia she's like six
foot to 240 pounds Amma's and they have
her fighting like housewives she beats
what his ladies and it's all consensual
right like when they're signing up yeah
okay they like freak shows right I mean
yeah look at their game shows yeah
exactly what is going on with that it's
just because I think there's such a
repressed country aren't they I think so
yeah I think this is like I don't think
they have like bending machines where
like guys have like there's Gabby look
at that she's spitting up housewives
they're gonna look at the guns
yeah well pull up a video of her giving
a swan oh that's Ronda Rousey that's not
real this is real ask Abby
that's fights real so look at the size
of that woman that she has to fight I
mean like what is up with the definition
though
um Mexican supplements okay hundred
percent nice I don't use get keep it 100
[Music]
yeah bigger than your trainer like
Wanderlei Silva yeah that's nuts that's
crazy yeah she's a big lady yeah but so
anyway Japan love that was when she was
real thin yeah at one point in time
she'd gotten like real ripped and small
and then got right back up to gigant I
again to win in these fucking Japanese
events
she and I UFC no she fights for I think
I don't know which one mate might be
rising it doesn't say which one but yeah
why shouldn't like a so I mean look
she's bigger than I go with every female
in UFC
yeah she's giant so she's gonna though
she's in the division yeah she's dying
she's just six to cheese I mean she's in
the 240 pound weight class somewhere
like this is a heavy weight be weighted
a nail right you can't yeah Gabby oh
maybe there's no no heavy weight female
weight class is her a couple weeks ago
she's not that big anymore
oh she's shrinking down hey good for her
what up still probably 200 pounds damn
okay so she's jacked and tan again
she looks great then yeah look good
she's strong as full yeah and she's a
world champion jiu-jitsu player too so
she grabs a whole these girls Paul
Muslim but they had Bob Sapp back in the
day like I said he was like 375 pounds
it was fighting guys were in like the
200s yeah smash so many people there was
so many guys like that that fought in
Japan when they have these freak shows I
mean crazy I saw one the other day like
that thing we're like a like a woman and
her nipples are just like almost like
like cones and it's like the game shows
like these guys are just like put their
fingers and that is wild I mean they're
just so many wild things in Japan like
you can see it's gnarly bro well they
are the birth of a lot of those crazy
game shows right
I mean a lot of the game shows like even
Fear Factor like that have even happened
if it wasn't for the crazy Japanese
shows what's in the water with it make
him think like that and we were saying
they were oppressed but it's also I mean
why they so repressed yeah
seeing bazooka man uh Zuka man was a
Japanese game show where a guy with a
bazooka would show up at people's houses
okay like a real live bazooka lick with
like missile in bed okay be in bed
sleeping and bazooka man would shoot the
bazooka at your wall above your head
while you're asleep this is a real film
it what they're filming this new
explodes like your head shoots a rocket
launcher through your fucking wall
oh man this guy's yeah they wake up
fucking screaming there's a hole in the
wall above the head and the audience in
Japan's like hahahahahaha you can find
it you can find the videos bruh Jamie
you'll find it what is that that's a
really different name okay maybe rock
and man okay so I pretty sure was
bazooka man and it's a real rocket
whatever it is it's firing out of a
cannon that's on his shoulders and it's
hitting the wall that explodes right
Google Japanese game show where they
blow up wall behind I mean how do you
have like a heart attack and like when
you wake up like that's all I get asleep
yeah usually could yes I'm saying I mean
you must like sound like a death warrant
before you uh for sure you could
definitely get a heart attack though
Jesus unless there's like dead asleep
and they all signed up for this is all
consensual basically okay face down I
don't think they signed up for it I
think they're just allowed to do stuff
like that then they give you money okay
if you survive right well I don't think
they have the same concept of lawsuits
that we do over here you know okay you
got it
no no I'm my way to finding it though I
found one this is called the bump show
where girls would put their bum in a
hole and a guy would kiss it or either
ass yeah basically right on TV hmm okay
can't comment on that one they have
different ways of living they really do
have a different style can't hate it
can't be hating on them
Jesus is it China or Japan where they
have like they have like these crazy
work hours right like like like factory
workers or like you know just like the
whole economy it's just like work all
the time and they have bending machines
where you can just like pocket pussies
basically oh yeah and like the guys were
just
yeah they'll just use those things
they'll toss them oh and just go back to
work oh yeah Wow I wanna say it's that's
Japan I could be but they both have
they're both known for their work
yeah hours right you know so like sex
just isn't a part of the other routine I
was watching some documentary on or
reading something rather on wall way
mm-hmm I'm always a Chinese phone
company and the guy had a bed underneath
his desk this craziest image he's in his
cubicle and his stuff is above him and
he's got a bed laid out under his
cubicle and he's asleep was like glasses
at work exhausted it's like a 18 hour
day probably yeah making cell phone so
we could take selfies like Charlie has
like the biggest economy though the
biggest yeah don't they did a Monday
number one oh yeah
the Chinese I've been pretty right on
this whole episode Joe very right right
damn mmm so largest economy China yeah
and what's number two its American
number two because that's something
needs to tell Trump oh he keeps saying
number one yeah yeah sorry do I hurt
anybody that didn't know that but China
is number one depends on what you're
using a gauge economy as a general it's
like not as the thing no it's not
subjective I'm sorry or you know not
giving people because it says our GDP is
nineteen point three nine trillion and
China's is 12 which is their nominal but
over more people I guess it's 23
trillion so that's technically higher I
swear guys I don't know what you want to
okay yeah yeah yeah what you're basing
your economy so GDP we're killing it but
as far as largest economy it's the
Chinese and AI way more people live okay
so that's probably why though there's
large kind of maybe because they more
people a billion humans right yeah did
India big are they the biggest country
still China that's another good question
yeah I think it's close not race China
India other stuff from earlier this year
saying in China and India are gaining on
the US as the world's top economy or
they're poised to take over next year
I don't think max really just depends on
what you want to imagine Trump is onto
something with all these sanctions
hmm imagine you're talking with the that
health insurance thing earlier
I learned a weird thing a British comic
it told me I was over in London last
year doing the the roast battle over
there and he was like you know like you
guys don't have free health care he's
like but your health care is better
he's like usually when I get like he had
like a bronchial thing he's like
normally takes like two weeks for that
secure over here he's like went to
America to play 48 hours mmm
says we're paying for just the better
drugs that make sense not just better
drugs but like probably more motivated
doctors but she's getting paid but are
they more motivated to keep people in
and out of their office and shuffle them
quick and stuff them up with pills
versus we're in England they're not
motivated by like a quota right maybe
they're just just trying to help maybe
it's different because they get paid a
certain amount and healthcare is free
and they're not motivated to earn
additional profit by you know suggesting
surgeries or making someone get on
medication I don't know yeah but it's
all I mean if you're talking about a
listen element I'm a doctor I'm making
money over here right when you want to
keep a guy you know sick as possible you
can make more money out of them yeah but
that's like they can't some dark
conspiracy type thing definitely how
many people are really thinking like
that all right
I'm saying like two weeks didn't
credited like 48 hours if there's just a
shittier system yeah that's what I'm
saying maybe the argument to be made
that profit based systems are more
efficient because people are more
aggressive because they want to they
want to make money they get things
handled quicker in they believe in it
more it's almost like I'm getting what I
paid for
maybe yeah I don't know I mean I think
it would be nice if people didn't go out
without health care though the problem
is like the idea that health care is not
a human right well if that's not a human
right what else to do it's hurt you just
gonna let them die because they don't
they don't contribute enough change you
know they didn't put enough money in
them in the box and basically bankrupt
now because I got a great name it seems
crazy that we would somehow or another
key people from medical care mm-hmm you
don't have enough money like that should
be like the number one thing that they
care
food and medical care food shelter
medical care those things you know
basically in that order
yeah the fact that medical you're on
your own like Wyatt how come we can't
pay for that well we can pay for though
this and pay for the that we can fund
that and fund this and we're gonna go to
the moon and yeah yeah but you gave yeah
but you can have health care yeah
but then again it's like people are so
resistant to socialism like they don't
want anybody taking over the Nazis
weren't no they fucked up don't look
where that ended that's true terrible no
they're all they're all not that's true
they're messed up maybe non messed up
somehow
but the problem is people are almost all
messed up here now with the fucking
adderall thing yeah oh yeah or the other
on Downer's like xanax dude yeah one of
the other but the adderall might as well
be math got me it's labor Sam yeah it's
cocaine it's it's an fad me yeah it's an
amphetamine it's fucking straight-up
amphetamine you know and some people it
helps some people who works wasn't but
other people they just chew it all day
long and talk crazy talk crazy told me
at the mouth crazy
I mean runs against them coke is the
most annoying drug I mean in it yeah
it's the worst yeah this is all annoying
slow because the big people are just
talking about nothing the whole time you
know we talk to you yeah talk right in
your face super pumped up like Hitler
imagined they injected Hitler the two
doses of oxycodone and cocaine yeah the
doctors like you what can teach you
again directly to Mussolini's house like
oh god he's so annoying coke-fueled
five-hour rant and rant poor Mussolini
yes wanna make a pizza hang out I won't
go to Capri when they go fishing with my
grandson yeah it was just like know that
you just losing his mom oh my god
imagine that this whole thing was fueled
by meth like that was responsible for
the whole fucking chaos of it all
because if you stop and think about
history there's obviously been some
horrific you know campaigns well whether
it's Alexander
the great mm-hmm Genghis Khan what are
they on you know right
that sounds gonna say like if these guys
in the Nazi Party we're all on meth that
makes total sense
they were so psychotic yeah dude what
would the fuckin Mongols on well they
just drunk yeah was that yeah it was
like were they with that the opium
didn't time that wasn't dens I know yeah
they definitely must have no pian Dems
right yeah it must have had that is that
their era I mean the Genghis Khan opions
been around forever right everybody had
opium but it's what did but L so that
mellows you out though right and though
I should make you a killer
Wow the Vikings were into mushrooms
which is we really yeah excited elk
mushrooms psilocybin yeah okay they
would take psilocybin they would fucking
go on Crusades start smashing heads well
that's what I mean well they're also you
know they're grown to be like that so I
think yeah yeah so I was gonna take you
where you want to go yeah because it's
also it's their world their world is
like cutting and slashing right like
they're not the idea of that not being
there that's not even an option exact
yeah have you talked about Valhalla so I
mean that's what they're thinking about
they're just like we're just killing
people that's like it's heaven like we
get to we get to kill everybody
what a crazy reward from murder yeah you
go to a heaven and you drink with Odin
yeah gonna go to Valhalla can people
apart these swords just can't wait to
see Odin it was watch that show Vikings
now people tell me it's great though is
a great really fucking good man up until
like season four or five mrs. Rogan how
to stop no it did shake anymore a lot of
fucking pretty extreme violence it gets
you can't handle it it gets a little
gnarly and there's not the combat sports
guy is not enough good people okay root
for that's the bike everybody's kind of
a piece of shit why am i watching these
piece of shits rape and murder each
other and the brothers return on
brothers I mean it's dark
yeah those like those like the true
Caucasians right
yeah oh yeah there the message northern
warriors the ones who escaped from the
southern climates and figured out how to
survive and the coldest fucking places
in the world oh yeah and there's a
there's like a nature rule
that'll wrote like a law in terms of
like the size of things that live where
it's cold
hmm so like if you have a deer in Mexico
it might be a hundred pounds but if you
have a deer in Saskatchewan it might be
like 300 pounds because there was a
species there's something about real
cold climate makes things grow bigger
and stronger because that's that's like
it's reacting to the environment right
yes yeah it's something about body
temperature as well that they in order
to maintain body temperature that you
need a lot of mass and so like polar
bears of the base of the bears right
they live in the coldest fucking place
in those Caucasian Vikings are the
biggest dude in Iceland motherfuckers
yeah Icelandic just giant dudes if that
mountain from Game of Thrones
he's a guy right yes yes that's what
that is that's gnarly that's gnarly and
he want to play basketball
Oh play basketball you seen him in man
yeah basket boat no no cat no I don't
think he knows how to fight
there was a video of him sparring with
Conor McGregor huh Conor McGregor's
fucking him up what yeah that guy yeah
and Conor mean Conor's not he's not
weighing in so he's probably in about
170 okay and Game of Thrones guys easy
three three yes I would imagine he's in
the 320 340 range and he's like a
bodybuilder too so he's like chasing you
Connor and Connor crack him in the
stomach it's kind of a crazy video to
watch v 9 this guy's what six seven he's
taller than $5.00 might be five that
might be 510 I'm 5/8 I won't disrespect
you Conor McGregor oh he's a beast yeah
you get the heart of an eight-foot
person he doesn't give a fuck yeah I
mean the guy fought Floyd Mayweather
with zero professional boxing fights
yeah just stop and think about that no
he's 0 he took zero so he's legit so
here's Conor probably about a buck 70
look at the size difference yeah and
they're like sparred and Connor's moving
around
he's punched him in the stomach
magnatag's trying to grab him but
Connery let's let him grab but he's not
doing anything he's controlling the guys
trying to do something really spawning
ground oh yeah yeah yeah guys try to
grab him but he does know what he's
doing and then he's like high-fiving
cars like no no no keep going dude we're
gonna keep going so now he starts
kicking them so it's kicking him in the
stomach leave it see he's punch him in
the stomach and the big guy doesn't know
what to do he's trying to grab him but
he can't as like come on lot I'm gonna
keep going monster yeah so prompt honor
knows that this big motherfucker can't
keep this up you can't keep it out he's
not he's not able to keep up this pace
so he's already hurting I mean he's
already tired me come on yeah he's going
back and forth no no no first of all
he's just got to a minute he's not used
to sparring right okay so everything
he's doing is like these big movements
and he's not breathing well so he's all
tense and tight so right now one could
take a deep breath see how this is
tension for him he's very tense so now
he's got all the leg but he doesn't know
what to do yes Conahan fights with them
all Connor has to do is keep it moving
Connor in the stomach there you go and
they're kind of like oh okay okay
so Connor is gonna keep going oh nice
try kicks out him and I guys didn't kick
him in it can't believe it
yeah it'll be too awkward no no Cano
trip him throw him to the ground or
something like that he doesn't know how
to kick but kind of just can't keep
punched him in the stomach but he
eventually just gets really really tired
and he gives up but it's kind of crazy
to watch because Connor essentially made
him fight see like he put the guy's
knees just like that cop guy yeah that
was that was that was the big the victim
with the cop he goes knees and Connor
didn't didn't allow him either kasnian
when the body look at this bro he's
gangster he's needing him and punched
him in the body I mean there's a real
kick so it's really like neat wow that
guy is so much bigger than that yeah
he's a monster so yeah he's not doing it
in a training well that's I mean he
could it wasn't there I mean he just
doesn't know what to do
yeah but if he learned it what to do
Connor would never do that
yeah that guy's a he's a walking weapon
like liking gone Oh Francis and gonner
who's probably one of the biggest
heavyweights in the UFC mmm
Connor would never do that with him yeah
the Train yeah he's a fighter
giant striker he'd fuck him up but that
guy I got it know what he's doing
no the mountain though he's a he was a
basketball player he went to play
basketball then he broke his uh his
ankle or leg or something and every like
healed properly and he just became a
bodybuilder and then they put him in
Game of Thrones well he's a world
Strongest Man right exactly yeah he wins
those World's Strongest Man is he's not
just like a participant so yeah he is
he's the champ right he's crazy strong
this guy is like Magnus ver Magnusson
right like this like his mentor Magnus
is that his mentor yeah Magnus ver
Magnusson planet by the way what a great
name perfect name Magnus ver Magnusson I
fuckin love that strong man competent
magna cum laude uh Magnus ver Magnusson
yeah there's remember we well you those
shows used to be on like ABC Wide World
of Sports
Asian would be on TV you'd be watching a
Strongest Man competition they don't
throw barrels over the fucking bars I
mean they're carrying yeah they're
carrying trucks an 18-wheel semis yeah
yeah
always ridiculous shit remember like the
guys like they would they would lift and
like they'd have like ugh a hemorrhage
and it just fucking go through the nose
oh yeah dead left yeah one of the guys
Robert Oberst was on my podcast recently
he's uh he's one of those strong
strongest man competitors they're so big
they don't even look like real people
yeah are you so big is so big he's
fuckin gigantic humans the human body is
incredible it is man hey there he is
what did he took in his nose smelling
salt isn't that nuts they do smelling
salts before they left some did drink
whisky or something yeah why smelling
salts I you know I wouldn't drink the
whiskey up like that would make me to
relax I probably shit myself or
something look at the size of this
fucking human yeah that's what he's for
25 to 3 her
on the play how much weight is this
didn't say it's the ton just said as the
motion every bro look at the ours are Oh
God Jesus Christ look at the fucking bar
Bend Jesus good enough we get it jack
with the smelling salts are so strange
yeah right well in the fell players did
the tool aside ones if you did that
right before you were on stage right
maybe we missing out I think for you
make sure you do that should just like
Hitler Mussolini just go up then just
ramp for fire did you see Rogen seven
hours oh my god all smelling all
brilliant what is his nose is bleeding
smell like took the best angles no no
it's strong yeah pops your brain like
yeah fuck damn yeah you become like Dane
Cook on said you'd be like so physical
no one's that fair
I don't know ones smelling salts physics
no it's cool we should get my walkins do
it oh my cousin's on smelling salt yeah
he would be the first guy to beat have
like what kind of physical comedies yeah
I like smelling salts physical the most
physical level not cocaine yeah that
Kinnison shit you're talking my smelling
salt well who's like you'd be like Dane
Cook is one of the most physical like
Jim Carrey was very little right Robin
Williams yeah but Jim Carrey would like
fall down and fucking do pratfalls and
grow he's an acrobat yeah he could move
weird to here's like a real flexibility
to the way he moves
yeah I'm breeding like Ace Ventura pet
detective I mean he but that was on
display right yeah I mean that was part
of his whole thing that's how wacky he
moved you know smell a thousand places
right but then you'd have smelling salts
physical next-level shit just like those
kids in the day they couldn't do the BMX
flip three times no they can't right
that's the same thing with smelling
solid
I got to see the other buddy try this I
said ammonia is it yeah just a releases
ammonia when you break the thing or open
the cap or whatever you don't try has
nothing fine shit that's Windex used to
make it from deer antlers and hooves
what yeah uh called spirit of Hartshorn
folks this has been the most educational
experience ever of this podcast I would
say with both real and false information
we don't know we get a cyber which is so
we we gave you nonsense and we gave you
truth and we hope you enjoy it
Brian Moses tell these people where they
can find you yeah you can find me at
race banning on Twitter
Fox Compton on Instagram or just see me
at the rose-petal every Tuesday night at
the Comedy Store or every Tuesday night
what time is it started at eleven
o'clock eleven o'clock eleven pm one of
the rare scheduled 11:00 p.m. shows
anywhere how about that regularly
scheduled show at 11 p.m.
pretty fucking around it's dope dude
that you came one time I was past your
bedtime but you still did it I did I
took my mylanta that's it ladies and
gentlemen Brian Moses goodbye
[Music]
[Applause]